---
title: 'Last Night A DJ...'
date: '09-11-2020 00:00'
aura:
    pagetype: website
metadata:
    'og:url': 'http://site.neurario.com/writing/begin-again/part-3/3-last-night-a-dj'
    'og:type': website
    'og:title': 'Last Night A DJ... | Neurario Dot Com'
    'og:author': 'Neurario Dot Com'
    'twitter:card': summary_large_image
    'twitter:title': 'Last Night A DJ... | Neurario Dot Com'
    'twitter:site': '@splatsune'
    'twitter:creator': '@splatsune'
    'article:published_time': '2020-11-09T00:00:00+00:00'
    'article:modified_time': '2020-11-17T01:28:31+00:00'
    'article:author': 'Neurario Dot Com'
---

>Lily visits a friend, and they shoot the breeze.

===

The air had grown colder by the time Lily had made her way to her next
stop.

Leaping through the grate into the floating platform of Tentakeel
Hideout, above the Octo Canyon, the inkling was carrying the backpack in
which she held the old human laptop she played her mashups from. Also
inside were her treasured Dualies set, a half-empty drink bottle, an
iPhone 8 Plus, and the radio which connected her with the rest of the
New Squidbeak Splatoon.

Lily took a moment to take in the change of environment. In an instant,
the city environs had fallen away, the closed, sometimes claustrophobic
spaces of the city falling away to open air. Though the Octarians
formally owned this space, the area was empty, and felt devoid of
people. For a moment she took comfort in the moments of solitary.

There was only a single light source here in the space, illuminating a
small cabin, one that had been established at least a year ago -
seemingly recent, but before her time. The only other lights belonged to
the city, past the massive rocks a few kilometers away that marked the
edge of the Octo Canyon, and the stars in the sky, which glimmered in
the sky, even as they became less visible past the glow of Inkopolis
City.

This place in particular, Tentakeel Hideout... This was the current base
of operations for the New Squidbeak Splatoon.

Though nobody besides Lily had been around here for months.

She walked over to the Cuttlefish Cabin, and dropped the bag on the
cabin bench, then sat down herself. There were a few moments of silence
where she collected herself, letting the cool breeze wash over her,
clearing her head. Without looking, she yawned, "Hello, Octavio."

"Nearly forgot about me tonight, didn't you?" replied a male, gurgly
voice a few meters to her left.

"Nope. Not at all." She didn't look up to see him, but he knew he was
there. "I'm just... *so* drained right now."

"Oh? The show didn't go well?"

"Heh... Quite the opposite, actually." Lily smiled, and closed her eyes
for a few moments, letting them rest. "I spent so much emotional energy
tonight... It was just... so, so perfect for what it was. Tavi, they're
gonna let me play on the Splatfest stage in a few weeks. I finally got
to tell the world today."

"Well deserved, my dear human." Octavio's voice was calm, relaxed. "Any
moments in particular standing out to you?"

"Uh... a few. It's all a bit of a blur at the moment." She finally
glanced up at him, and lifted herself from the bench toward his resting
place. "But I think the whole club shouting the lyrics to 'Now or Never'
is gonna be stuck in my brain for a while. Just... Just awesome."

"Heh. C'mere." Octavio gestured her toward him, and the inkling walked
right up to his snowglobe. The two shared a 'fistbump' through the
glass. "I think you'd do well in the underground, Lily."

"Yeah?" Lily shot a look at him. "From what I remember you telling me of
your people, they seem quite kind."

Octavio nodded. "And loyal. The only issue with getting you there at the
moment is the whole network of cities and towns and such... that'd be
all unpowered."

"Why's that? What's Octopia run on?"

"Usually?" Octavio thought for a moment. "A few of your Zapfishes, to be
honest. We wouldn't have any. Before you ask," he started, raising an
eyebrow at her, "we *have* tried alternate energy sources. We're not
deep enough underground to have access to geothermal energy, and while
our nation has *some* access to coal and other resources, if I recall
from our past experiments in the last hundred years the power plants we
installed to process it polluted a few of our caves with horrible air."

Lily nodded. "Ours is about the same story, except a few countries stuck
with it, mine included. So, Zapfishes... from the surface I assume?"

"We have no choice." Octavio waved the same tentacle at her. "You know
as well as I do, it's clean, renewable energy."

"I get it. Though Inkopolis needs that energy too. Have you considered
solar energy?"

"...Lily, that's the sun."

"Yes, and?"

"...We are *underground*?"

"Tavi, where are we?" Lily gestured around at the Octo Canyon around
them.

"Don't you dare tell me we still own this canyon!" The DJ snapped,
jabbing a tentacle toward the Cuttlefish Cabin. "What's that cabin over
there then?!"

"You misunderstand me. A flat panel with a bunch of photoelectric
sensors that takes in sunlight and generates a little electricity. I'm
no scientist, but - developed enough, a few panels like that on
someone's house can produce enough power for them to live on. Look at
all the unused space here." She gestured around at the walls of the
canyon, off in the distance. "I bet you could power the entire
underground with a large-scale solar farm just on the walls here."

"That's if it's developed to your standard, human." Octavio rolled his
eyes. "I see a flaw, however. During the night, or in bad weather here
on the surface, how do you expect us to have power?!"

"Octavio..." Lily was confused and concerned. "*Surely* you guys have
developed batteries."

"*Of course* we have batteries!" Octavio barked. "Those tiny little
things can't hold an entire network's power system!"

"Come on, man! Take *that* technology and scale it up! Just build
something to store the energy when it's not being used! Surely you can
make 'that but bigger'!"

The two stared at each other for a moment, both slightly irritated, Lily
beginning to feel frustrated with him. *Fuckin' Octavio, I know you're
smarter than that,* she thought.

"...Hm." DJ Octavio eyed her carefully, the tinges of a frown behind his
tentacle moustache. "I suppose I may have misunderstood. Then what do
you propose we do for power while we built your... 'solar network'?"

"...I don't know," Lily acquiesced, sighing and looking away as she
softly spoke. "It was just a thought I had had."

"I understand. I'm sorry, Lily." Octavio sighed, and a tentacle rubbed
the glass between them. "I don't wish to be upset with you. Much as it's
strange to admit, you're the closest thing I've had to a friend this
past year."

"Aww, that warms my heart, Tavi." Lily smiled and blushed slightly at
the compliment. "Is this another attempt to get me to let you out?"

"No! Not at all!" the octopus grumbled. "...Well, not this time."

Lily snorted. "Well I'm very flattered."

"Really, though... You kept coming back. You... actually *talked* to me,
rather than just writing me off. Your inkling friends did just that.
Much as I hate being stuck in here, I appreciate you coming back every
week."

"W-wow, uh... thank you, Octavio." Lily let a slight blush of sky blue
form on her cheeks.

There was a slight pause. Then Octavio decided to try his luck once
more, a smirk forming. "You're about the only inkling I'd consider
mating, too," he teased with a huge grin.

"Pff, you know I have a partner, right?" Lily grinned, trying to play it
off, but her blush intensified.

"I'm tellin' ya. Once you try these tentacles, there's no going back,
baby."

"Oh I-I'm sure." Lily's cheeks were deeply flushed now. "I'm well aware
of what those tentacles are good for. I-I don't think I'm into getting
intimate out here though, s-so uh, no thanks..."

"What kind of man do you take me for?" Octavio asked, still smirking.
"I'd take you to my royal bedchambers, of *course*. Only the best for my
mate."

"Tavi, you *must* have a lover back home." Lily began to pace aimlessly
around his snowglobe, embarassed and nervous.

"None. Never. I don't need one, remember? Besides, I'm royalty. Nobody
could stop me from taking after you.\~" To accentuate his point he began
wiggling his eyebrows at her.

"O-oh my..." Lily turned away, trying to calm her thoughts. She was
somewhat ashamed to feel just how much his words were exciting her - at
least, the part of her that she more or less never acted on. Octavio had
noticed that the inkling's left hand had drifted near her crotch, very
briefly, and grinned to himself.

She glanced back at him, a light smirk on her face. "Just know, I'm not
gonna make it easy on you to win me over, Tavi."

"Woe to me," Octavio said simply, smirking back. "One day I'll have you,
Lily. I owe it to us to, dear."

"H-heh... well, one day, Octavio." Lily raised an eyebrow. "Hopefully if
tensions ease between our people... Even then, I have a girlfriend
already, so\~..."

"Pfeh. And what will you do without me in the meantime?" he asked,
letting his smirk fade.

"W-well I don't know but right now I... I wanna just... be here, with
you, for a bit." A slight pause. Lily's voice had become quieter. "No
horniness, no bullshit, just...I just want to enjoy the night." She
turned back toward him and knelt down onto the ground staring up into
the night sky, partially through the octopus's snowglobe.

"...At least one of us can," Octavio snarked. He paused to think for a
moment, then nodded. "Alright, dear human. Let's chill." For his part,
he lowered himself down against the glass behind him, letting his
tentacles relax as he adjusted himself to gaze upward. Where he noticed
his appendages blocking the inkling's view, he adjusted them slightly,
curling them inward.

Lily laid herself down, barely beneath the snowglobe, resting her hands
beneath her head, relaxing her breathing. "Thanks..."

"You're quite welcome," came Octavio's gently spoken reply.

Lily and Octavio sat in silence as they stared up into the stars.

A few minutes passed. In the moment, the only sounds they heard were of
the ocean far from them, their own breathing (her soft, light breaths
and Tavi's deep, lightly-labored ones), and the breeze whistling through
the trees and the floating platform.

"You must get tired of this view," Lily said quietly, watching the stars
flicker above them.

"A bit," the octopus admitted. "There are worse sights I could be stuck
with, though..."

"Mm..."

The inkling gradually forced her thoughts away from the lewd activities
Octavio's comments led her to think on, and shifted to more calming
things. How relaxing this moment was to her. How comforting Tavi always
seemed...

She felt comfortable, felt calmer. She stood up briefly, stretching her
legs.

As she did so, Octavio began to speak softly to her. "Lily. If I may
ask... This has been troubling me for a while. Your agent friends seem
to have forgotten I'm here. *I* think I've learned my lesson. Do *you*
think I've learned my lesson?"

"I... forget what you were even in there for, to be completely honest."
Lily turned her head to look at him as she lifted and flexed her knees.
"And it's been about a year now, right?"

"Something like that." Octavio met her gaze. "Hey, speaking of. It's
been a year since you became part of our world, right? Happy
anniversary."

"Thanks, Tavi." Lily smiled warmly at him. "Y'know, it's so nice that
even you are celebrating me." She turned away again. "Yeah, I'd say you
should be released by now. Y'know, assuming you're gonna be good and not
do... whatever it was that got you locked up in here again."

"Heh. I sincerely appreciate your words, Lily. I'm more than ready to be
released."

"I'm sure, just... I don't know how to do that. I guess the first step
is, uh... I should probably let the NSS know that we--"

The brushing of something along her shoulder cut her off.

It was scarred, warm, fleshy, as the appendage slid along her right to
her left shoulder, pulling Lily in towards the owner's body.

Finding herself face-to-face with the King.

Lily froze, falling silent as she realised just how *big* he was up
close, as DJ Octavio's tentacles embraced her to him. A spicy scent
filled her nostrils as she was held.

Something felt wrong. Even thought she had just said he should be
freed... This put her at unease.

"Sshhhh..." One of his eight tentacles stroked over her head, leaning
her gently into his. "Don't worry about them."

"H-how... did you free yourself?" Lily's breath was shallow, her
movements careful. Her cheeks began to flush again. She caught a glimpse
at his snowglobe - the glass dome had been easily lifted and pushed
aside.

*To be able to do that so swiftly...*

"My dear, I've been able to escape for *months*." Tavi lied through his
smirk, caressing her softly. "I only never left because doing so would
mean not seeing you again."

"Tavi, I love you but I doubt that that's--"

"You *love* me? Did I hear that correctly\~?" His smirk widened and his
tentacles held her tighter.

Lily's blush deepened. She hadn't meant to phrase it *quite* like
that... *Maybe more of a friend with benefits?* She didn't feel like she
could quite correct herself in this situation though. "U-uhm... I uh..."

"Well, consider me flattered, my dear." Octavio's tentacles brushed over
her body once more, then loosened. "Come live with me, Lily. Share my
bedchambers at the Palais Takowasa and put some of that human knowledge
to use with us. And between you and me..." He leaned toward her ear.
"...we have a *lot* of unfulfilled promises to work out\~"

Lily's cheeks burned, once again remembering all the flirting... After a
moment, she pushed at him and extricated herself from his grasp. It
*sounded* fun, and she wanted to see life in Octopia, but she'd
established herself in Inkopolis, and she already *had* a partner, after
all... "O-Octavio... I'm honored, I truly am, but I... I can't. I've got
too much going for me in Inkopolis to just... drop everything." She
dropped her head and sighed. "I would love to visit Octopia one day, I
truly, truly would. And well, if things change there's no reason that
that couldn't happen in the future... But right now... I'm... sorry,
Octavio." She came back to him and gently hugged him.

"Ah..." DJ Octavio let out a deep sigh as she hugged him. He *had*
expected her to back out, from all the talks that they had had - she
seemed like the sort of person to back out, to need to be pushed into
making a leap like that. With an odd little twirl of a tentacle, he
nodded. "I cannot say I'm not disappointed... But I understand."

It hurt Lily to hurt him like this. But it just didn't feel right to
just leave everything behind. She started to back away toward the grate.
"L-look. I'd better get out of here... I won't say a word. You do what
you need to. I'll just uh... 'discover you missing' sometime tomorrow or
something. O-okay?"

As she turned to face the grate, she saw the face of someone else
straightening up from behind the Squid Sisters' couch, by the lone tree
in the Hideout, and walk around to block her path to the grate with
their Octo Shot pointed at her. Revealing herself at Octavio's visual
signal.

An Octoling. Lily frowned. *Why was she here?* She *swore* she
remembered her from somewhere...

"I'm sorry, Lily," Octavio said softly behind her. "It isn't quite going
to work out that way."

The sound of more rustling and footsteps behind her made her turn around
again, and three other Octolings stepped out from various hiding spots.
Lily quickly found herself surrounded by the Octo Shot user, a Roller, a
Blaster and a Charger, as well as Octavio himself. "T-Tavi...?"

"Lily..." The great octopus sighed. "Please understand. Your friends
won't just simply let me go. I'd already spent two more years in that
damned prison before I was freed. I've just *spent* a third year. Do you
really not think that the moment they find out I've returned home, they
won't come after me *again*?"

"T-then I won't say anything. I promise. Please--"

"I'm sorry." Octavio's tentacle extended toward her. "I can't chance
that. I'll have to ask you to come with us."

Lily stared at him, and fear started to settle in. She slowly turned to
get a look at the other Octolings that kept her pinned in, frantically,
silently trying to come up with an idea.

*Are... they're... they're about to take me away, aren't they?*

She finally turned back toward Octavio, and as he saw the look in her
eyes he began to frown. "Lily, please don't do what I think you're about
to do..."

Lily shook her head, only having come up with one idea. "I'm sorry, DJ.
I won't go."

Then she quickly turned squid, her form rushing to the ground.

Above her, startled by the sudden movement, the Octo Shot and Charger
loosed ink in her direction.

And as the Octarian ink started to fall, Lily rushed back upward -
becoming an inkling again as she shoulder-bashed into the Blaster,
knocking her away and getting out of the path of the Roller's ink as it
flung itself in her direction.

Lily sprinted for the Cuttlefish Cabin bench, where she'd set her
backpack down earlier. If she could just get it open, her Dualies were
in there. She yanked the bag from its seat and pulled it along with her
as she sprinted down through the archway toward the kettles, the
Octarians beginning their pursuit, firing and moving quickly.

Octavio bellowed something in Octarian to his troops. Hearing the tinge
of anger in his voice shook Lily - it was something she had not heard in
him before. It really solidified in her the reality of what was
happening.

She *needed* those dualies.

*First order of business*, Lily thought to herself as she ran. *I have
to let the girls know he's free.* Her head whipped around constantly as
she looked for a spot where she could take a few seconds to get a
message out, knowing the Octolings were hot on her tail.

Thinking about it, running from four Octolings felt familiar to her for
some reason...

She leapt down from a ledge down onto the grassy area of the Hideout and
ducked behind it, slamming her bag down and yanking the zipper open. She
quickly pulled out her Dualies, and the radio she had been provided long
ago by Marie. She swung the bag onto her back and began to transmit a
few beeps first before coming on. "Crai--"

She was knocked sideways as an Octoling boot connected with her head,
and the radio was knocked out of her hand. She rolled on the ground and
got up quickly, holding tight onto the single Dualie she had held onto
as her Blaster assailant said something in Octarian. Lily backed away,
jamming her finger on the Dualie trigger--

And noticed the Charger beam pointed at her from above--

Lily dove to the side as a loud 'crack!'
sounded from the Octo Charger and a blast of pressurised ink shot in her
direction. A brief glance told her she'd at least hit the Blaster
octoling, but not enough to dispatch her. She knew she was outmatched.

She had to escape back to Inkopolis, *somehow*.

The Blaster drew her attention for another brief moment as she was fired
upon again. Firing a few more shots toward her, Lily noticed the empty
space to the left of the Charger above, a place where she could perhaps
get an edge on these attackers.

The inkling charged *toward* the Blaster, making her pause for just a
moment in confusion. Lily then turned squid as another Charger blast
covered the ground behind her, and swam between the octoling's legs -
popping up immediately after and swinging an elbow at her head, then
firing her Dualie point blank into her.

The subsequent burst of her opponent gave her some ease. *Okay, this is
doable. I just have to fight my way back.* She used the jet on the grip
of her singular Dualie to awkwardly dash up against the wall, above
which the Charger was perched. She could already hear the other three
communicating between each other, quickly, angrily.

Grabbing the other Dualie from the backpack that was still discarded by
the wall, she fired upon the wall itself, creating a path upwards for
her. She glanced behind her at the sound of a Roller behind her, having
seemed to have come down the ramp to flank her.

With a cheeky salute, Lily flung herself into the ink as she heard the
Roller call out, swimming upward toward the ledge.

*This is my chance.*

But as she leapt up into the air, above the Charger, she heard a male
grunt and her eyes flicked up to see saw DJ Octavio ten, perhaps fifteen
meters away from them.

DJ Octavio, who had flung something large and transparent in her
direction.

Time seemed to slow down for a second as she tried to parse what she was
seeing.

Then the heavy glass dome from the snowglobe slammed into her in
mid-air, knocking the breath out of her. Momentum carried the dome along
and she was hurled backwards with it and suddenly the Charger, Octavio,
and the archway leading back to Inkopolis was shrinking--

And as she and the snowglobe smashed into a wall behind her - the glass
shattering into and around her - her body burst, and her vision blurred.
She felt light, floating, and quite shocked.

She had been splatted and had become a spirit, seeking a respawn point.

Leaving a sky blue ink stain behind.

Something inside her seemed to sense that respawn point, and she felt
drawn toward the grate, as shouts in Octarian erupted somewhere around
her.

As she started to float in that direction though, something rushed up
toward her blurry vision and a glass wall seemed to rush up in front of
her, seemingly out of nowhere. She bounced harmlessly off of it, and
tried to find a way around.

But she was completely surrounded.

She heard a yell of joy from one of the Octolings.

For the wall on which she had run into curved around her such that it
enclosed the sides and bottom, and a cap of some kind blocked the top.
The whole contraption was barely bigger than her. And what looked like a
giant hand was holding tightly onto it.

If Lily's heart could sink at this moment, it would.

As she realised she had been caught. Held in a jar.

The Octarians had caught her.

*I have to get free*, she thought as she floated in the tight space. *Or
my friends might never see me again.*

Lily flung herself against the lid, trying to knock it off, trying
desperately to break out and escape - but it just wouldn't budge, even
when she tried to run herself counterclockwise against the lid edges.

It had been fastened tightly, and it seemed to her that she would not be
able to escape while she was trapped in here.

*Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck--*

The massive face of DJ Octavio loomed into view from the deep blur
somewhere past the walls of her prison as whoever was carrying her
brought her to him. She tensed as his tentacle latched onto the jar, and
the hand that had held it relinquished its grasp. His piercing unusual
eyes watched her, and as she continued to panic and try to somehow push
through the glass, he seemed to be feeling a mixture of relief and
sadness.

"I deeply apologise for the heavy-handedness, Lily," he said softly to
the spirit in the jar. "I will explain further in due time, I promise.
Your co-operation is for the betterment of both of us."

He then said something in Octarian to one of his octolings as the
remaining team members gathered around her, and Lily heard a few small
beeps, a code transmitted from a radio like she had done before. As the
group began to chat, Lily couldn't make out anything of what they were
saying now. She wondered if it was to do with her, or of something else
- the way they seemed so casual now that they had defeated her.

Octavio handed back her jar to one of the Octolings - the leader, she
thought, judging by the seaweed she'd seen attached to her glasses like
an ornament - and the squad started to move around her as the leader
slid her jar into place in their belt. She was held against the side of
the octoling's hips as they all moved.

She started to struggle again to push the lid out of the way in a
last-ditch effort to escape, hoping that they weren't paying as much
attention anymore, but before long she felt Octavio's eyes upon her
again.

"I highly recommend against doing that." He laid a tentacle tip on the
lid as the spirit turned to face him again. "Much as I want to show you
that things will be better with us... If you do somehow manage to
escape, you've got no anchor. Spend too long in the air and you *will*
expire. And I really *wouldn't* want to see that happen to you, Lily."

Lily's spirit paused, staring out at him. *Was that true? ...Do I really
want to find out?*

*...No, I don't...*

The spirit floated down in defeat, and slumped at the bottom of her jar.

"Good girl. Let's go."

Then they all seemed to shift forms, and the black shorts Lily's jar was
brushing against became a mass of red ink and flesh, her carrier
becoming an octopus, and the light around her seemed to vanish, rushing
upwards out of sight.

The Octolings were dropping into one of the kettles leading away from
the Canyon.

And Lily watched through the wall of the jar as the night sky shrank
away above her, as her captors fell through the pitch-black tunnels, and
she got the sinking feeling she would not see the surface for a long,
long time.