---
title: 'The Octopus Garden'
date: '16-07-2020 00:00'
visible: false
aura:
    pagetype: website
metadata:
    'og:url': 'http://site.neurario.com/writing/begin-again/part-2-5/the-octopus-garden'
    'og:type': website
    'og:title': 'The Octopus Garden | Neurario Dot Com'
    'og:author': 'Neurario Dot Com'
    'twitter:card': summary_large_image
    'twitter:title': 'The Octopus Garden | Neurario Dot Com'
    'twitter:site': '@splatsune'
    'twitter:creator': '@splatsune'
    'article:published_time': '2020-07-16T00:00:00+00:00'
    'article:modified_time': '2020-11-17T01:01:25+00:00'
    'article:author': 'Neurario Dot Com'
---

>DJ Octavio is bored.

===

DJ Octavio Takowasa, The Octobot King, leader of the Octarians, scourge
of the Squidbeaks, and various other titles he'd given himself, was
bored.

This wasn't entirely unusual, considering just how long he'd been
incarcerated.

For nearly eleven months, he'd been kept in this damned glass prison,
locked away from his kingdom, from any sort of society. The only people
he'd seen on a regular basis were those blasted New Squidbeak Splatoon
agents. Even Craig Cuttlefish had visited every once in a while, trying
to reminisce about the 'old days' before the war. The fool.

For months the Squidbeak agents One and Two - the Squid Sisters - would
check in to make sure he hadn't escaped, wasn't planning something. He
had tried, many times, to get them to open up about their feelings,
about their day, as Callie had once - the one time that had allowed him
to overpower her and free himself. But it seemed they had figured out
his game, and refused to interact with him on those terms.

But even they, eventually, got bored with him as they realised he wasn't
going anywhere, and stopped showing.

There was one of them, however, that continued to visit him, and made
living in this prison more bearable.

Lily the ex-human had started visiting at least once a fortnight once
that business about 'Commander Tartar' had faded away.

He had expected her to be odd. What he hadn't expected, and was
surprised to discover, was that while the other inklings didn't dare to
talk to him at length, she was okay with talking to him, answering his
questions about her old life, and even more surprisingly, treating him
as an equal.

Rather than talk down to him for his attacks on Inkopolis, she instead
took interest in his 'DJ' title, talking to him about his musical
career, and her own interest in performing. Rather than harass him for
being the king of a people, she would ask him about Octarian society,
educate herself about his subjects.

In return, she shared music from the human world for him, and together
they talked about what that world was like. Lily would share food with
him - more filling than the rations Callie, Marie or Craig would often
leave him. And, incredibly, she seemed to consider him a friend, the
more they talked.

It was odd - perhaps it was because she was not of their world, but she
treated him as more of a person than the other Squidbeaks would.

DJ Octavio appreciated that.

Even if she *was* still an inkling, on the side of the inklings.

Occasionally he wondered to himself if there was a way to turn her to
his side. Or if there was a way to change her form once more, make her
an octoling under his command.

For the former, it wasn't for lack of trying.

Octavio would tempt Lily with offers of power, fame, fortune. Would try
to talk her over to his side, convince her to help him to escape. And
although he had sometimes succeeded in making Lily feel sympathetic for
him, usually it only resulted in the same smirk and shake of the head
from Lily. "Sorry Octavio. You know I can't do that," she would say, and
she'd either change the subject or leave.

She knew where she stood. Even though he *hated* that she had to respect
her orders, it impressed him all the same that she did. If he could just
get a pair of shades on her...

He remembered one evening three months back, when Lily had come to visit
with 'exciting news'. It had come after a month of silence from her, or
anyone.

DJ Octavio remembered the narrowed eyes he had given the inkling girl
who had come up to him. "Hmmph. I thought that you would perhaps visit
more often, human."

"Well at least you recognise me." Sitting cross-legged on the ground
before him, once again stunned by his bulging green-purple eyes, Lily
watched him carefully. "I can't stay long this time, but I figured you
might have some input on something."

Without missing a beat, Octavio quipped back at her, "You could get in
here with me, and I'll give you *plenty* of 'input'." His face shifted
into a huge smirk and he shifted one of his tentacles to press teasingly
against the glass of his snowglobe.

"Oh! Oh jeez!" Lily flinched as she realised what Octavio was implying.
"I've *no* real desire to know about *or* add to your escapades."

"Gyahahah! Why not?! You'd consider it though, right\~?"

Lily sighed, but her only response to the question was a moment of
silence and awkward shifting about. That told him everything he wanted
to know, and his eyes brightened in delight.

It was no secret among the educated inkling populace that Octarians
reproduced asexually by cutting their tentacles. That didn't stop the
more intelligent ones from mating for fun. Hell, the DJ himself had
indulged on occasion.

And though he knew inklings took relationships of such a nature much
more seriously, knowing that the ex-human seemingly wasn't opposed to
fooling around gave him something to think about.

And it gave him leverage for a future attempt to get himself free.

"...*Anyway*," Lily finally said, changing the subject, clearing her
throat. cheeks flushed. "I... jeez. I thought you'd want to know that
the club I played last night got back to me, they want me to do do a
biweekly set. I think your DJing tips did the trick, Octavio. Can I call
you Tavi?"

"You may not," Octavio smirked. "I'm still royalty, you know." He
prodded the glass between them. "And I'm not a pioneer in the DJ space
for nothing. You get any of the gear I recommended?"

Lily shook her head, still a bit flustered. "I got a mixer, that's about
it. I've been lookin', but my knowledge around a computer setup has been
fairly sufficient so far."

"You'll regret that eventually," the Octobot King countered, eyebrow
raised. "Regardless of anything, you'll want to learn that equipment.
You still pre-making your shows?"

"Yeah... mostly. It's just the way that I figure out mashups, is all."

"Kiddo..." Octavio didn't look very impressed, but still seemed to be
thinking on it. "Those mashups are kind of your thing, are they? I think
that's all I ever heard from you."

Lily nodded. "I consider that the whole 'thing' about my sets, yeah."

"Okay, so... hm.. Interesting. Perhaps then, pre-make your mashups, then
mix them live? Gives you something to do besides tweaking knobs and
settings."

"I suppose..."

"And hey, here's something I want you to try - set yourself a goal to
make them live. With enough practice your crowd won't notice the
difference. Heck, \*I'd\* be interested in seeing that."

"Wow... Thank you, Octavio." She found herself smiling at him.

"No sweat." The DJ smirked back. "What else has been happening?"

"Really?" Lily seemed genuinely shocked. "You *never* care about my
day-to-day life."

"I care!" He responded loudly. "Sometimes."

"Pssh."

"Besides, you're more fun to hear about than the others." He cocked his
head to one side. "It's interesting to hear your unique world view."

"Heh." Lily chuckled softly and smiled. "Alright, well... Oh, y'know
what? I wanted to create a style for myself after I got the big news.
So, this is what I ended up buying for myself for my --- er, 'DJ Neu
Wave'!" She grinned, and slowly turned herself around.

Octavio examined her carefully, curious. She'd donned a black leather
rider's jacket, with an image in reflective pins in the back. She'd also
started wearing a different glove over her right hand to match. He still
didn't know why she wore it...

She still seemed to be wearing striped spats, but it worked on her.
Perhaps more than she wanted, he thought as he eyed the inkling's butt
for just a moment longer, his gaze snapping back up to her face as she
turned back to face him. "Not bad, kiddo. I think your long hair is
working against you now, though."

"Is it...?" Lily bit her lip and cupped the ends of her tentacles in her
hands. "I mean, they've been awkward to deal with at times... I just
thought that was something I had to adjust to and live with."

"I don't know what your fellow inklings do with their tentacle care,
Lily, but take a page from us. Why not just cut your hair?"

"Won't that hurt?" Lily's brow furrowed with worry and concern.

"Will it?" The octopus shrugged his tentacles. "Doesn't hurt that much
for us Octarians."

"You're... basically cutting off your limbs though."

"And? They grow back."

"They do *not*." The inkling sighed in disbelief. "Stop bullshitting me,
Octavio."

"You seriously telling me you've never cut your hair before?"

"This isn't hair, Tavi. They fill the same purpose, but it's *not*."

Octavio raised a few of his scarred tentacles, presenting them to her.
"Look. Sure these are partly damaged due to the war, but I promise you I
have severed my tentacles a few times in the name of continuing my
species. And I bet you you've seen at least a few inklings with new
hairdos."

Lily stared at the appendages in silence for a few moments. "...Okay,
that seems a bit obvious now, I guess. Boy do I feel stupid."

DJ Octavio chuckled, raising an eyebrow. "Seriously. If you don't like
your hair length, try trimming it down for a while and see how you
feel."

"I might..." Lily spoke softly, nodding her head.

The two were silent for a moment, watching each other, relaxed. The cool
night air blew through the Hideout.

"Man... I guess I should get back into town," Lily sighed, disappointed.
"I promise I'll keep in touch more, Octavio. After all you kinda made
this happen."

"You'd better, kiddo. And hey ---" DJ Octavio shouted as Lily started to
turn away, toward the grate back home. "Think you'd ever play a show on
our turf?"

Lily tilted her head and considered it. "I don't see why not," she
answered after a few seconds. "If you behave, of course."

With a smirky grin and a wave, Lily turned, shifted form and dropped
into the grate, swimming back to Inkopolis.

DJ Octavio eyed the grate for about a minute or so.

Waiting to make sure the human had gone.

His mind began to turn, plotting out scenarios involving Lily and him.

And a pair of shades.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Late one cold, dark evening, the King was awoken by a sound.

The sounds of multiple bottle rockets in the distance. No - of course
not bottle rockets, the sound of someone, *multiple* someones,
super-jumping.

Eyes popping open, Octavio listened quietly. Was someone out there? Foe
or friend?

For a minute or so he heard nothing else over the gentle breeze.

Then he became aware of voices travelling from past the stone archway
that led to the rest of the Hideout.

Octarian voices.

"...suggests their base might be up here. Stay sharp, team."

Hmm, the voice was familiar. One of his squad leaders...?

"A forward base in our territory?" Another voice in Octarian. "How
fiendish!"

"What's the plan? Splat them all?"

"Heh, if anyone's around." The leader didn't seem to take the question
seriously. Octavio noted their voices were getting closer. "Would be
nice to get a leg up on those Squidbeaks, eh?"

"It would, if *y'all didn't yak at each other on the way to your
target!*" DJ Octavio finally bellowed into the darkness. "I can hear you
from a mile away! Get over here already!"

The voices went quiet. Then the sound of pounding footsteps as a squad
of four Octolings in combat gear ran up through the archway and spotted
him, hesitating for a moment in disbelief before rushing over to him.

"DJ!" The leader called out as she reached the snowglobe. "Thank
goodness you're alright! Are you hurt?"

"...Yeah, pretty hurt," Octavio said softly at first. Then, shocking the
soldiers, he angrily yelled, "Hurt that I've been waiting a *year!*
Where in earth have you all been?!"

"P-please, my king, we apologise!" Again, the leader did the talking,
but the other squad members looked distraught. "We've been scouring
every inch of Inkopolis and beyond that we could! We didn't think---"

"And you didn't think to check your own backyard?!"

"Yes! No! We--- er..."

The Octoling holding a Blaster lowered her weapon. "Everyone knows the
Tentakeel Hideout never reports in anyway. We had no idea it had been
overtaken until recently, sir."

"...Right..." The DJ still seemed unimpressed, but he let it go for the
time being.

These Octolings were his crack offensive team - Forward Squad Ceph. They
had operated together for many years, and Octavio trusted only them to
competently take on the New Squidbeak Splatoon's Agents as they fought
to control territories in Inkopolis.

Lux, the team leader, and the team's Octo Shot main, was one of a few
distinguished graduates of Cephalon HQ's Combat Training Academy.

Kae, a Blaster main, was also the team's inksplosives expert.

Mori was a Charger user and the team scout. She knew how to best scout
the territory they wished to control, and use it to their advantage.

And Renki, while not as experienced, was their Roller main and a
promising bright mind when she wanted to. She was recruited for the team
after their previous fourth's desertion - following DJ Octavio's defeat
at the hands of Agent 3, three years ago.

Since these guys were around, Octavio knew he would almost certainly be
freed, but perhaps there was more in it for him that this squad could
help him with... His mind began to formulate a scheme. "Lux, we need to
talk."

"I'm here. Should I send the others away?"

"For now. Mori, Kae, Renki ('*that is still Renki, right?'* He muttered
to Lux -'*You didn't lose another one?'*), scout the area, there's bound
to be something of interest here. And OY---" he suddenly yelled as three
of the girls started to turn away. "Don't ransack the place. I have a
plan, and I don't want to tip *their* hand just yet." Octavio waved them
off with a lazy, tired tentacle.

Lux, the leader, made sure the three had left their immediate vicinity,
then turned back to the King. "Right. What's going on? Do you need
freeing?" She examined the DJ's prison. "This... device... doesn't look
too hard to crack."

"Of course I need freeing, you dummy," he sighed, quieting his voice,
"But I can't leave yet."

"Sir...?" Lux raised an eyebrow at him.

"I'll explain. But look." He gestured with his appendages toward a
particularly egregious gap that had been worn between the wooden base
and the glass. He pulled away a small rock that he had placed to mask
the size of the gap to emphasize. "This thing is damaged, but I've also
noticed the seal is somewhat weak. There must be some way to loosen this
enough that it'll just come free."

Lux knelt down to examine the opening, and the groove in which the glass
seemed set into the platform base. There *was* a metal plate that looked
like it was holding the dome in place, but the more she examined it, the
more she realised it was simply ornamental. *Stupid inklings...*

She stood up. "Yes, I think we can do something with this. So what's
going on then? Why aren't you coming with?"

DJ Octavio smirked at her. "Lux, I have an idea. I believe you remember
the strange human creature I sent your team to collect some time ago,
yes?"

"One of our more embarrassing defeats, yes..."

"Well, *She's still here.* What's more - heh, I still can't believe this
- is while I've been imprisoned, she thinks that I'm her *friend*."

"Friend...?"

"Oh, don't get me wrong, that human's an interesting one. DJ too. From
the bits I've heard, might fit in with me and the duo from Turquoise
October. But, yes - she comes around every Friday and just sits and
talks with me."

"She talks to you, sir?" Lux raised an eyebrow and brushed her wild
tentacles away from her face. "What about?"

"Music things, mostly. Of course. Sometimes we talk about her world,
sometimes ours. Certainly more interested in our society than the rest
of those Squidbeak brats. She's been... quite nice, sorta."

"Ooooh." Lux smirked. "That's the nicest thing I've heard you say about
anyone in a long time. Has the King got a crush\~?" She teasingly asked.

"Lux?"

"Yes, sir?" Her smirk had broken out into a grin.

"Shut up before I put you out of commission. Absolutely not."

"Yessir." She continued to grin. "So the plan, then?"

"Yes." DJ Octavio focused on her. "I think with enough force the four of
you can probably pop this glass cover out. So, here's what I think. We
do that, and then set it up so it *looks* like it's still secure -
they're inklings, they won't look too closely."

"Got it." Lux nodded. "What about the human, though?"

"I'm *getting* to that." Octavio rolled his eyes. "You guys come back on
Friday night and hide. She'll come by to chat, and then sometime while
she's here, I'll give a signal and we net her and I can *finally* return
home."

"Are... you sure that will work?"

"Positive. She arrives at the same time every Friday night. Like
clockwork, right after her set." Octavio chuckled with a smirk. "That
clockwork nature is going to be her downfall. Now come on, get the
others over. Let's get this thing loose."

Lux, Kae, Renki and Mori gathered in a circle around the DJ's snowglobe.
The team's weapons lay neatly by Cuttlefish Cabin, something that
Octavio shot the squad a strange look for.

"OK, team," Lux said, taking charge. "We're going to try to slide the
glass out of its groove. On my mark we'll slide it clockwise and up,
then counter-clockwise and up."

"Moving it back and forth like that should loosen it up enough to get it
free," continued the DJ. "Once I *am* freed, we'll move onto the next
phase. Everyone got it?"

Lux nodded silently.

"Got it," Mori nodded, getting her hands in position.

Kae also nodded, saying nothing.

Renki saluted. "Aye aye, Deej."

"Renki..." Octavio raised an eyebrow at her, pointing a tentacle at her.
He seemed both confused and concerned by the nickname.

"Uh... yes, sir?"

"*No*."

Kae burst out laughing at his simple comment, and the DJ himself allowed
himself a smirk. Renki quietly gave an embarrassed, "Sorry, sire..."

Lux moved along, ignoring the comment. She took hold of the glass now as
well. "Everyone, in position."

Kae and Renki pressed their hands into the glass, ready to move it.
Octavio, despite himself, held his breath.

*Was this really going to work?*

"Get ready!" Lux called.

The rest of her squad tensed, ready to move.

"Move!" Immediately Lux pushed hard to the right, attempting to push the
glass upward at the same time. "One! Two! Three! Four!" With each call,
she and the other swapped direction, pushing to the right, and to the
left, to the right, to the left...

At first it didn't seem to be working, as the glass resisted them. But
as they continued to move back and forth, eventually it seemed as if the
groove into which the glass dome was set was starting to give.

"Yes! Keep going!" The DJ shouted, moving about excitedly inside the
cage as it moved around him. It was only a matter of time! Fresh air and
home seemed so close...!

With the sound of grinding glass, and a loud 'pop', the dome suddenly
came free.

Octavio immediately halted the team. "OK," he said softly after a few
moments of silence. "Step aside."

Ceph Squad immediately stepped away from the loose glass.

Slowly, Octavio rested two tentacles against the wall of the
dome. Gripping the glass as best he could, he took a few moments to
decide exactly what he wanted to do. "Lux, Kae, Mori," he called. "Get
ready to catch this thing."

Obediently they got into position, on the other side of the glass, the
DJ counted down and then both pushed forward while pulling downward on
the glass.

Due to its shape, the dome tipped forward easily, and
with the Octolings there to catch it without it shattering further, DJ
Octavio was free to simply slide/float out the new opening.

He was *free*.

Setting the dome down, the girls rushed over to him. "DJ!" Lux called.
"How ya feeling, boss?"

DJ Octavio breathed in the cool, fresh air, and looked upwards toward
the sky. He let his tentacles fully stretch out -- his limbs both
complaining, having been cramped in such a small space for such a long
time, and welcoming it, the octopus feeling a pointed warmth and relief
in them. "*Aaaaahhh...* Freedom never felt so good before."

He turned to the team with a genuine smile, and extended his tentacles
toward them, pulling the girls toward him in a tight hug. "I very, very
sincerely appreciate that you've done this, girls," he told them, quite
a departure from the demeanor they knew from him.

To himself he thought, *even if you found me quite by accident.*

"Well, uh... thanks, boss." Renki smiled, and with the others, embraced
the king. "It's good to have you with us again."

After Octavio had let go of them, he sent Kae to fetch Gomez, his royal
messenger, from the HQ and took a couple minutes to just slither on his
tentacles around the Hideout, looking around at the world around him
while Ceph Squad hung back at the cabin to give him some space.

*He was free.*

*What did that mean?*

*Well*, he supposed, *it meant he could finally return to his palace
and go back to ruling and commanding his subjects, including the
soldiers currently accompanying him.*

*It also meant that he could start planning his revenge
against Inkopolis.*

*Against those blasted Squidbeak Splatoon agents.*

*And finally,* finally, *he'd be able to capture the human, research
their technology, and their past civilization. After all
the Octarians were surely more equipped to make use of those discoveries
than the idiots up here.*

*Yes. Yeeees. Soon...*

Satisfied, relaxed, his limbs given enough opportunity to stretch and
relax, he made his way out to where the kettles to the various Octarian
caves lay. He looked out toward the bright city of Inkopolis in the
distance, and scowled.

*Look at them. Flaunting all that energy. What an irresponsible waste.*

"Y'alright, my king?" Lux said softly, approaching him from behind. She
was alone. "Something on your mind?"

Octavio sighed, and glanced back toward the city. "Of course, Lux. I
just... don't know how to phrase the anger I feel about being in
captivity for so long. How have my citizens fared?"

"Ah... well." The octoling shuffled uncomfortably in place. "Well, as
you can probably guess, most of our military have felt lost without you,
sir. They - we - have done what we can to help our fellow Octarians,
but, well, the command structure has fallen apart a bit. For the time
being we've been doing what we can to help each other out in these tough
times. That said..."

Lux bit her lip. She never liked having to deliver bad news to the boss.
"There are... two issues that most need your attention. First off, some
of your infantry and civilians have been deserting and going AWOL again.
The biggest loss was just after your disappearance, sir, but over the
course of the year there's been a drip-feed of escapee after escapee."

The DJ grumbled at this news, but he wasn't too surprised. "I'm vaguely
aware of this. I was made aware that the damn Squidbeak Splatoon has an
Octarian in their ranks some time ago..."

Lux turned and stared at him. "...What? Are you seriously telling me
that an Octarian is *willingly* working with the enemy?"

"Yes, Lux, I am. It's as disgusting as it sounds. And before you ask, I
am going to be the first one to rip him to pieces." Octavio seemed quite
upset as he recalled the bits of information he had gleaned about the
traitor. "Those blasted Squid Sisters and their music... Okay, what's
the other problem?"

"...Well, sir..." Lux's voice became subdued. "There... have been
several terrorism instances around Octopia by, well... other Octarians.
Random incidents, but the same message from each perpetrator - they...
wish to see you step down as king. Though we've not been able to prove
it yet, we suspect there is an organised group behind the scenes of
these attacks."

DJ Octavio was silent. He seemed to tremble, just slightly.

"Sir...?"

"They realise what a king *is*, right?" He said, turning to face her
again. Lux could feel the heat of his anger bubbling up within him. "I
was chosen, *by royal blood*, to lead our society to greater things!
These treasonous dogs! How dare they!"

"I know, sir."

"It's not a damned democracy!" Octavio grumbled. "Ugh... they can wait
just a little bit longer..."

The DJ started to head back the way they had come, and Lux followed him.
"We'll deal with it, right?"

"We have a lot of work ahead of us, but yes, Lux, we'll squeeze it in
somewhere." Octavio passed through the arches as he headed back toward
the open snowglobe.

In the entry area where the rest of Ceph Squad was waiting, a Tentakook
turned from chatting with them to see Lux and Octavio return to them. He
rushed over. "Sire!" He called, his mailbag swinging by the side of his
short body. "Miss Kae has briefed me on your situation. I'm so glad to
see you are alright!"

Gomez, the Palais Takowasa royal messenger, was one of a large family of
Tentakooks. While he looked fairly standard in appearance, his clothing
was what set him apart as an important member of his society,
specifically the blue cap atop his head and matching bag in which he
carried many letters, but mostly those of the royal family and official
communications.

"Greetings, Gomez." Octavio nodded to him amicably. "I have some orders
for you to send back home. One second..."

He slithered over to the snowglobe platform. "Alright folks," he called
to the others, gesturing toward the glass dome. "Help me get this thing
back on."

"WHAT?!" Mori gasped at him. "Why are you getting back in there, boss?!"

"Huh?" Octavio frowned at her, and then shook his head. "Right, right.
Lux, explain."

As the squad prepared to tip the dome back into place, making sure
it *didn't* slip back into its groove, Lux filled them in. Octavio would
wait there until Lily, the ex-human was due for her next visit.

He, and they, would be waiting.

The four octolings lifted and slowly tipped over the heavy dome glass,
and DJ Octavio ducked as it rose over his head, aiding the descent by
guiding it down with his tentacles so that the glass hung slightly over
the edge of the platform, allowing him to grab the rim when the time
came.

DJ Octavio took a few deep breaths, nodding. "Well there we go.
Remember, Friday night. Before 9. Be there."

"Got it, boss." Mori nodded and saluted.

"Will that be all?" Renki asked, glancing about.

"Yeah, I think we're done for now. Dismissed." Octavio began to wave
them away, and as they turned around, he shouted out, "Actually no, hang
on! Gomez! Those orders for you to relay back to HQ."

"Yes boss, what shall I tell them?" Gomez swivelled back to him, holding
his notepad at the ready.

"Relay this message." Octavio paused for a moment as he figured out what
he wanted. "Okay. Inform the Elders that I will return this Friday. And
inform my Octocommanders that they need to increase military presence in
every cave accessible from Octo Canyon ASAP, and have every forward
squad at the ready for Zapfish acquisition as soon as I return. Once the
Squidbeaks find out what we're doing, they'll be back with a vengeance,
for sure. Oh, and inform Arthra that I'll have a subject for him soon to
calibrate the shades on. Got it?"

"Got it." The Tentakook finished quickly scribbling that information
down. "Alright! I'll run those messages over now!" With a quick bow,
Gomez took off at a sprint, rushing down past the archway, and shortly
they heard him duck down into one of the kettles with a 'clank', making
his way back to Cephalon HQ.

Octavio nodded and relaxed. "Well, I think that's it. We've got a lot of
work ahead of us, folks. Dismissed. I'll see you Friday. Don't fail this
time," he added to them with a glare.

"We won't, sir," Lux quickly replied.

"Nuh uh," added Renki.

"You can count on us," Kae smiled.

Mori simply nodded.

"Good. Now get." Octavio waved them off. "Before anyone comes and sees
you all."

Lux nodded and the lot of them took off down past the archway.

The octopus settled down in the dome, resting his back against it.

*I've waited a year to be free*, he thought to himself.

*I can wait a few days longer.*