---
title: 'Something About Us'
date: '17-02-2019 00:00'
aura:
    pagetype: website
    metadata:
        Chapter: '5'
metadata:
    'og:url': 'http://site.neurario.com/begin-again/part-2/5-something-about-us'
    'og:type': website
    'og:title': 'Something About Us | Neurario Dot Com'
    'og:author': 'Neurario Dot Com'
    'twitter:card': summary_large_image
    'twitter:title': 'Something About Us | Neurario Dot Com'
    'twitter:site': '@splatsune'
    'twitter:creator': '@splatsune'
    'article:published_time': '2019-02-17T00:00:00+00:00'
    'article:modified_time': '2020-11-16T23:42:37+00:00'
    'article:author': 'Neurario Dot Com'
    Part: '2'
    Chapter: '5'
---

>Lily and Lorne take the day to rest and work through Lily's depressive episode.

===

The next morning, like most others, began with Lorne's radio alarm. As
always, it switched on at 8AM and the hosts of whatever Sunday breakfast
show was actually going on handed off to the news bulletins.

*"Y'all know what time it is!"*

As soon as the voices of Off the Hook came on the air for the live
morning news broadcast, both Lorne and Lily tensed, their eyes shooting
open.

*"It's Off the Hook, live from Inkopolis Square!"*

"Ah, fuck..." Lily said drowsily, and Lorne, turned the other way in
their bed, felt her curl up. "Here it comes..."

Lorne turned over, shuffling in to cuddle her, wrapping her arms just
under her friend's chest, holding her close. "They wouldn't, Lily. Just
remember... no matter what they say, we're here."

*"Before we announce the day's stages, let's kick it over to Marina for
the news!"*

*"Hello! First off, our top story today: A large, ancient four-wheeled
vehicle was finally lifted from the roof of the New Albacore Hotel
yesterday."*

Lorne heard Lily hold her breath.

*"There are plenty of rumors flying about for how it got there, but here
are the facts - The car is still in decent condition, despite some water
damage. It's hard to accurately pinpoint the age of the vehicle, as it
looks as if it was only made sometime in the last 30 years..."*

"Twenty, but okay..." Lily said quietly, listening intently, anxious,
still curled in her ball and leaning into Lorne for comfort.

*"But the script that adorns the vehicle, however, that's the most
interesting part! It's hard to tell whether this vehicle is connected to
the strange event that struck Inkopolis nearly three weeks ago - you may
remember we mentioned several objects that had fallen from the sky - but
some of the characters that appear in places on this vehicle match those
on the phone we recovered from that event, **and** from old artifacts
recovered from human ruins in the past few years!"*

*"We still haven't heard any word on why this stuff looks so much newer,
though. What's up with that, Marina?"*

*"That's venturing back into rumors, but we're chasing it up with
persons close to the situation."*

*"Yep! So y'all, if you know a girl in blue named---"*

*"Pearl, we can't do that, there's regulations about that. Folks, we'll
keep you updated as---"*

*"They need to know that---"* Suddenly Pearl went quiet.

*"Whoops~! Guess Pearl's mic is uh, malfunctioning there. She'll be
back shortly. Anyway, moving on---"*

*"We'll find you, Lily!"* Pearl called out, yelling but quiet, distant,
as if only caught through Marina's mic.

Marina, for her part, ignored the comment and moved straight along to
the next story.

Lily stared up at the ceiling, fear creeping back into her thoughts. Her
breathing began to quicken as her mind went wild with thoughts about
what was still in store for her.

"Lily?"

They basically told the whole world what she was with that piece, her
panicked, overreacting mind told her. They already beat her about, what
else were they capable of doing to her? What would *anyone* do if they
caught her? If they knew what she was? If they had heard what those two
girls had been saying about her kind?

Violence? Assault? Torture? Murder? An image appeared in her mind of her
stripped down and bound. Blood was running down her body. Her blood. A
lot of her blood.

"Lily...?"

Maybe it would be better if she just gave up. Let them bleed her out.
Cut her to pieces. Slice through her body. *Yes, finally. Finally...*
Let them *destroy* her. Let them celebrate again. Be safe again. Be
*happy* again. Let her death be something to be joyful for. It had to
happen.

Honestly, why even wait for them to find her? Why make them work for it?
The kitchen was right there. She could just walk over, open the cutlery
drawer and---

"Lily!!"

Lorne's hand smacked against her cheek, the impact jolting her back to
reality. Lily blinked her eyes several times as she looked around. Lorne
was sat up in their bed now, eyeing her nervously. "Whuh? What was that
for?"

"You weren't responding to me, and you're starting to hyperventilate..."
Lorne reached over and squeezed her hand. "Are you alright? What's going
on in that head of yours...?"

Lily looked up at her, noticing her breath was indeed much quicker than
it should have been, and her heart-rates too. She forced herself to take
slow, deep breaths, wondering what to say to her. *Dare I tell my best
friend that I wish I were dead? How would she react...?*

Obviously she couldn't tell Lorne *nothing* was wrong, she'd never
believe that. This was not Lily's first dance with depression, far from
it. Nor even her first brush with suicidal thoughts. She'd 'grown into'
the self-doubt and hatred and such over the last ten years of her human
life, but she'd only ever thought about the idea of a world without her,
after making a single attempt.

The thing was, in the past the threats were only in her head. The fact
that Pearl had actively made threats to her, and had *nearly made good
on them*, was almost too much to cope with.

Lily finally sat up on the bed, and clung to Lorne tightly, burying her
head in her friend's shoulder. "I... Lorne... I'm not sure I can cope
with all this."

Lorne quietly wrapped her arms around Lily again and held her close,
cradling her against her warmth. "Come on, Lily. Talk to me."

Lily looked up at her, and sighed, deciding to just out with it. "I...
have never really 'liked' myself, Lorne. Not as a human, anyway. Didn't
think much of myself at all..." She paused and sighed, tearing up
slightly. "It's.. Been better, since I got here, being so far away from
all of the things that used to cause those feelings..."

Lorne nodded, stroking the back of Lily's head as she spoke. "But then
yesterday happens and... suddenly it gets way too real, huh?"

Lily nodded her head slowly. "I always sorta just thought, but never
acted on the idea, that the world might be better without me, that I was
a burden that---"

"You're not, though---"

"I *know*, but... Well, I did know..." Lily pulled away for a moment,
and stared into Lorne's eyes, worried. "But I'm just associated with...
whoever it was now. Tartar. I *am* the representative for humanity now,
whether I like it or not. And the fact that for his actions, they seem
to want me gone, or dead, or something..." She let out a deep sigh, and
learned into Lorne again. "I'm starting to agree with them. I'm causing
us all too much trouble. Maybe it would be better if---"

Lorne cut her off, leaning in and softly kissing her lips. It was a
brief, gentle kiss, the kind of casual kiss you might give regularly to
a long-time lover. "Shh."

As Lily sputtered, flustered, her mind racing with questions, and yet
wondering if she was reading too far into it... Lorne held her close,
speaking softly. "No way. It's better for you, and us, and the *world*,
if you keep living, and don't let their hate get you down." The way Lily
seemed right now, she was a totally different squid to the one she'd
known as of late... She told Lily, "Don't worry about Off the Hook. As
Marie said yesterday, when we talk to them, I'll be right there with
you. And I'll make sure they know that she has friends that would hate
to see her hurt like this again. Just... remember this. You are loved.
We love you." She closed her eyes for just a moment, taking a deep
breath before staring into Lily's eyes, trying to seem as truthful and
genuine as she could muster. "We'll get through this together. OK?"

"...Okay," Lily said quietly, with a blush, unsure how to respond.

Lorne smiled softly at her. "Good. Now c'mon, let's get up and get
ready. I wanna try that new caf√© place down the street."

"A coffee of some description *would* be nice..."

"Great." Lorne slid off of her side of the bed. "Dibs on the first
shower!"

------------------------------------------------------------------------

As the girls entered The Deck, the recent addition to the food and
coffee industry in the suburb of West Inkopolis, Lily grabbed a table
outside while Lorne grabbed their drinks.

*Inkopolis is a strange city*, Lily thought once again as she watched
the traffic pass by. She didn't feel like she was too far from the CBD,
but the buildings here were less densely packed. There was still plenty
of traffic here, especially on this arterial road, but there was plenty
of land here dedicated to small parks, or play equipment, or just...
nothing. It was nice to see that not every bit of space had to be either
traffic or building.

"Whatcha thinkin' there, Lily?" came Lorne's voice as she brought over
their drinks, a latte for herself, and a hot chocolate for Lily.

"Thanks, dear," Lily smiled at her, taking a hold of her drink. She
gestured to the street. "I'm just thinking again, how nice and
aesthetically pleasing the city is. It makes it easier to think about
living here than... out in the country."

"Mm." Lorne smiled at her. Lily figured she didn't really know what she
meant, but that was okay. She never expected her friends to understand
what she meant about her old world. "So, what do you think about this
shop?"

Lily thought on it. "The people here seem relatively nice. I like what I
saw of their design inside. Having a space outside is nice, I get to
watch the world go by."

"Yeah, we should come back more often. I know you're not much of a
morning person, but, y'know..."

"I'm not a morning person, but I'm always down for coffee." Lily smiled
and took a sip of the hot chocolate. *Mmm\~!* The chocolate was rich, it
just needed a little sugar. She took a sugar packet from a cup of
packets provided on the table, emptied it into the hot choc, and
stirred. A second taste proved it had given her the lovely, sweet taste
she craved.

They sat and drank quietly for a bit, and Lily's mind found itself
wondering about Lorne's kiss earlier. They were close, she knew, but
that was the first time they had had any kiss. She found herself
thinking that she liked that... Come to think of it, they'd been really
close for a while, hadn't they? Would she be OK with the idea of them
being together?

"Hey... Lorne?" Lily shyly, quietly said.

Lorne could see that she was blushing, perhaps had been for a bit.
"What's up, Lily?"

"We're... pretty close, right?"

"Wh--- I would hope so, you silly thing!" Lorne giggled and sipped at
her coffee. "I mean, we share an apartment, I've known you since you
arrived... or were re-born, or whatever you wanna call it... We even
share our bed, for goodness sake. Is... Is this more of your depression
from earlier?"

"N-no, I promise, just..." Lily was quiet for a moment, drinking from
her hot chocolate as she debated to herself whether she should say...
She didn't want to potentially damage their friendship... relationship?
If she said it and her friend took it the wrong way... "Are... Are we...
a thing?"

"A... thing?" Lorne was confused for a moment by the generic wording.
Her brows furrowed as she thought back on Lily's questions, trying to
find the context. Then her eyes widened as she realised what Lily was
asking. "Like, a couple?"

Lily's face somehow reddened more as Lorne put the word out there.
'Couple'. It was a nice sounding word... "I, uhm... I don't think we've
ever talked about it, but we... This morning kinda... made me realise,
the way you were just, there for me... it was like we were always that
close, and just... grew... into it the more we understood each other...
I'm just, kinda worried that you like me for being human, or having used
to be a boy, and I'm not sure I'm either anymo---"

Lily cut off as Lorne's hand brushed against hers on the table. She
glanced up into the eyes of her friend, and saw concern and worry in her
eyes. Like this morning...

"Lily."

"...Yeah...?"

"Relax. Drink your drink." Lorne smiled warmly at her, taking another
sip of her own drink.

The conversation paused while they drank, and Lily felt rather flat,
panicking again. *Now I've done it... I shouldn't have said anything, it
was only a matter of time before I'm kicked ou--*

"Yeah, I've thought about us as a couple." Lorne suddenly said. Lily's
eyes went wide, and she opened her mouth, probably to object on the
basis of her being awful or something, but Lorne raised a finger and she
kept quiet. The orange squid wasn't done talking. \"Yeah, when we first
met I... I thought it was incredible that I was friends with a real live
human. Why wouldn't I be, right?

"But... It was when I first got back home after retrieving the Great
Zapfish..." Lorne took another sip of her drink as she recalled. "I'd
splatted so many Octarians without much thought, and took on Octavio,
*and* Callie head on... and yet, that night when I opened the door, and
saw you snoozing peacefully in my bed..." She snorted, in disbelief at
herself. "I had the warm and fuzzies, but I remember I just... was more
nervous than I was battling all of them."

"Nervous?" Lily raised an eyebrow.

"I didn't want to wake you. You were hurting - I remember that was the
night you found out you weren't human at all anymore - but you seemed...
more relaxed in sleep, maybe happier when I got in that night. I wanted
to be close to you. I'm glad I managed to get in without waking you,
really. And my... appreciation and love for you just sorta... grew from
there..." Lorne blushed as her mind ran back through their interactions.
"So... yeah... I've uh, thought about us as a couple. I um... I think if
that ever happened, I'd like that."

"Even with... everything that I am?" Lily looked at her, a little awed,
mouth ajar.

"Everything that you *were*. We're not out of the woods yet with this
human stuff, clearly, but... You've fit in as an Inkling so well. I am
comfortable saying that you're one of us, maybe you were destined to be
or something." Lorne smiled, pausing for another sip. "But for what you
are, and were, that is who I've fallen in love with."

Lily blushed deeper, and shyly twiddled her fingers together. "You're...
very well spoken sometimes, Lorne. I... honestly would love to have
someone to love." She gave a soft smile, and shyly leaned in a little
closer, cheeks burning. "If... if you want to... I would be happy with
us... being that."

"Of course!" Lorne laughed, and she pulled Lily's head forward for a
kiss, both girls feeling relieved and their burdens much lighter. Lily
smiled up at her, and Lorne could see that, at least for now, her
sadness and her pain were very far away from her thoughts. *As it should
be,* she thought.

It was after that fleeting moment, when Lily drank the last of her hot
chocolate, that she noticed a male/female couple eyeing them and was
suddenly aware again of their location, and Lorne laughed as she blushed
furiously and buried her head in her arms on the table.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

A lot of the rest of the day was spent in the apartment, celebrating
their formalized relationship with... much of the same, but with more
cuddling. This *was* Lily's 'day off', or supposed to be, so they
relaxed and watched TV, and Lily either joined in, bathed, or played
with her music program.

She'd been inspired over the last month to attempt to put together a mix
of music (*human* music, she reminded herself) to introduce the wealth
of old recordings to her friends. Beside her laptop sat the three Squid
Sisters' albums she and Lorne had bought to see the other side of their
bosses, and Lily was *going* to find a way to mix a song or two from
them in, *somewhere*.

"Hey... Lorne?" Lily said that night, sitting on her side of the bed and
paused midway through dressing for bed. "Before me, how'd you sleep,
clothes-wise?"

"Uhh..." Lorne blushed, glancing over at Lily from behind her, in a
loose-fitting white top and plain pink undergarments. She was half-way
through putting on a pair of gray sweatpants. "Well, two things. One:
Fuck you look so cute right now. Two: I never really changed how I
slept. Besides like, hogging the bed and stuff, y'know? Why d'ya ask?"

"Well... Cuz... way back when I had my own bed, y'know... I used to
like, undress for bed?" Lily blushed deeply, and let go of the
sweatpants. "I just found that more comfortable. And like... I just
sorta... I like how being in just this stuff feels and... I was
wondering if you would mind if I just slept in this."

"...Nah, I wouldn't mind," Lorne said with a smile. "It'd be a nice view
to wake up to." She let her smirk show. "Whatever's most comfortable to
you."

With a smile and a blush, Lily nodded. "I never woulda asked if I didn't
trust you completely. It's just... hard to ask, y'know? I'm used to just
having my own bed, fuck the rules, I'll sleep naked if I want to. I
jus---"

"It's *fine*, Lily." Lorne grinned, lifting the blanket for her. "C'mon,
get in then. It's cold without you."

"Pff, I know how good this bed is with only one person, thanks." Lily
obediently snuggled in, leaving her pants on the ground and snuggling up
behind Lorne. "I know I say it often, but... thanks Lorne. For
everything you've done for me."

"It's all good, Lily." Lorne turned her head and smiled. "Love ya."

"Love you too." Lily reached over to kiss her again.

"You ready for more Turf War tomorrow?"

"Sure. I got plenty of exercise the last time."

"Heh. Just wait til we get you to level 4, dear. Then you can finally
wear something other than that basic tee to the games."

"Can. Not. Wait."

Both girls giggled tiredly, and laid their heads on the pillows. Lily
found herself thinking about past relationships. She felt lucky to have
Lorne at all - it must have been a one-in-a-million chance that of all
the places to end up, she arrived somewhere where she wouldn't have been
gawked at like a freak, surrounded by two sweet people who looked after
her, *and* kept her secret to boot.

She wished she could have brought her old friends with her, but it
wasn't exactly her decision to come here in the first place.

*That said,* she thought to herself, *despite all the troubles, moments
like this... This is probably the best fate I could have asked for.*