---
title: 'The Salmon Dance'
date: '05-08-2019 00:00'
visible: false
aura:
    pagetype: website
metadata:
    'og:url': 'http://site.neurario.com/writing/begin-again/part-2-5/the-salmon-dance'
    'og:type': website
    'og:title': 'The Salmon Dance | Neurario Dot Com'
    'og:author': 'Neurario Dot Com'
    'twitter:card': summary_large_image
    'twitter:title': 'The Salmon Dance | Neurario Dot Com'
    'twitter:site': '@splatsune'
    'twitter:creator': '@splatsune'
    'article:published_time': '2019-08-05T00:00:00+00:00'
    'article:modified_time': '2020-11-17T01:01:25+00:00'
    'article:author': 'Neurario Dot Com'
---

>Lily, Lorne, Remo and Eight take a few Salmon Run shifts looking for an artefact.

===

The boat sailed through the choppy waters as it made its way toward the
third outpost they were scheduled to operate at today.

Aside from a single staff member overseeing supplies (the boat was being
remotely steered), the only people on board were Remo, Lorne, Lily, and
Eight.

All four of them were Agents of the New Squidbeak Splatoon, Agents 3, 4,
5, and 8 respectively.

And unbeknownst to Grizzco, they were on a mission today.

This was their first day taking Grizzco shifts - their 'intended' job
was to visit three sites in the territory, cull the Salmonid population
as they came ashore to breed and lay Power Eggs, collect said eggs
- *especially* the eggs that came from the bigger, more advanced
Salmonids, what Mr. Grizz had called 'Golden Eggs' - and deposit them at
a collection point before moving on to the next site to do the same
thing.

Grizzco work was hard enough - the tiny Salmonids, the Chum, swarmed if
you let them get too close and overwhelmed you, and the big guys, the
Cohocks, hit hard with their frying pans and would down you quickly. Not
to mention all of the horrifying machines and monsters that seemed to
form the backbone of the attacks when the team stepped onto the ground,
dividing your attention every which way just trying to stay alive long
enough to figure out how to take them down to take their Golden Eggs.
And the weather here was an anomaly - fog could roll in at short notice,
plunging team efforts into chaos, and the unnatural tides sometimes
meant there was nowhere to run or swim when you got surrounded.

Lorne was most used to the work, having done this the most. Remo, with
all his New Squidbeak Splatoon training and the situations he'd been
through with Cap'n Cuttlefish, had become more comfortable with the
task, more quickly than Lily or Agent Eight, who had only been trained
against Inklings or Octolings and were still reduced to panic and fright
when the going got tough and Salmonids began swarming in on them.

Their mission, the one they had been forced to go to Grizzco for, only
added stress to the team.

For it was known to the four agents that somewhere in this dreary,
unnerving part of the world, was some item from the human era.

And they wanted to recover it before it was lost, or perhaps destroyed.

At the front of the deck, watching and waiting for the next outpost, the
next chance to find this artefact, were Remo and Lorne chatting away
about the better ways to take down the 'boss' Salmonid creatures.
Meanwhile, Lily and 'Eight' sat just outside the cabin and shared one of
the few food rations they had been allotted for the day.

Lily watched her coworkers suspiciously.

Callie and Marie, the Squid Sisters, and in a sense her superiors in the
New Squidbeak Splatoon, had caught up to her and Lorne and, while
talking, had learned that she still didn't remember the latter half of
her encounter with Tartar. But more to the point, *none* of the others
had seen fit to fill her in from their perspective, not even Lorne.

"She's just not ready yet!" Lorne had protested. "It'll hurt her!"

But the Sisters had, over Lorne's complaints, seen fit to tell Lily what
had happened, as the Cap'n had told it to them - how she had been found
linked to Commander Tartar, in the process of being cooked alive when
the Cap'n, Remo, Lorne, Pearl, and Marina lost her radio signal. How she
had 'totally lost it' as Marie put it, attacking him repeatedly with a
makeshift weapon until he was totally destroyed, ranting and screaming
throughout. And how she had simply keeled over once it was all over, and
the others had carried her back to the train station and watched her
nervously until they could get her back to Inkopolis and more
importantly, to a hospital.

"It seems," Marie finished, "that your actions out there frightened a
few of our friends. And perhaps," she glanced meaningfully at Lorne,
"they elected not to tell you because they worried you would lash out at
them..."

Of course Lily was angry - but moreso hurt. Her trust in the Agents had
taken a hit. But in her brief time at Grizzco, the first mission she had
taken with the Squidbeaks since their expedition to the Triggerfish
Forest, her diminished anger and frustration had turned to a new target:
Mr. Grizz himself.

*'Just stay alive til the end of your shift.' God the way he was so
casual about saying that...*

"Lily," Eight grumbled, an Octoling boy with his tentacles styled in a
mohawk, and Lily snapped out of her thoughts to glance at him. "Why'd
you have to go and get one of your things lost in this awful place?"

Lily finally finished swallowing the small bite she'd taken from the
bread they were sharing, and offered it to him again. "Excuse you,
mate," she told him flatly, her mood shot. "I hope you're joking,
because I had no say in the matter, and I hate this as much as you do."

Eight nodded, and sighed, taking the bread. What was left of their will
after yesterday had worn away, and they still had two outposts to check
out.

"Ye'll pull into Marooner's Bay shortly," called the voice of Mr. Grizz,
broadcasting over the boat's loudspeakers. "Lookin' clear on the coast,
tide's low but not too bad. Yer doin' well so far, kids. Keep it up."

Lily sighed, and once Eight has finished his bite, they set the rations
aside and climbed to their feet, slowly making their way over to Remo
and Lorne.

Together they watched the beached, deconstructed ship hull come into
view, the abandoned refinery and wooded coast just beyond it. The odd
towers and buoys hovering nearby... It made Lily uneasy, still.

Lorne bent down in front of the one carry-on they were allowed, on the
floor with them, and with the others blocking the supply staff from
seeing, pulled out an odd weapon-looking device.

It was a scanner, tuned to a uniquely trackable 'scent' particle that
had so far emitted from every thing they had collected so far from the
human era.

Lorne held it out toward the Marooner's Bay, holding the trigger down,
and panned it in a slow arc, from one side of the area to the other. The
others held their breath or crossed their fingers.

And as it pointed toward the small beach on the coast, the scanner
started to make loud clicking noises, akin to a geiger counter.

The object they were seeking was here.

"Oh, thank goodness," Remo noted with a sigh of relief. "We've finally
found it." He turned to Lily, a relieved but nervous look on his face.
"That's something to be happy for, right?"

Lily grumbled. "I mean, *yes*, but I think we still need to actually
hold the Salmonids at bay long enough to do what we need to..." She
glanced at him with a concerned look, and Remo's eyes darted away.

The ex-human sighed and watched as their Grizzco boat inched closer to
their destination.

The two boys had been almost keeping her at arm's length, especially
while they were on this mission. They seemed almost scared of her when
she started to get frustrated with Mr. Grizz, or the so-called 'Boss
Salmonids', as if she was going to start hurting them instead if they
interfered.

Lily shook the thoughts away. She didn't need to stress about that just
yet. She turned her attention to the workspace in front of her. As the
boat swung around, giving her and the others a complete view of the
Marooner's Bay, Lorne continued to scan the boat's structure and the
area around it, trying to narrow down the location of the artefact they
were seeking.

"Alright, get your gear and prepare to go to work," Mr. Grizz ordered
them over the speakers. "They're due to start coming up any moment, so
DON'T MISS ANY PRECIOUS GOLDEN EGGS!"

Eight and Lily winced as Grizz suddenly shouted the last words, and
everyone moved to various parts of the ship to get the tanks and weapons
they had been allotted for the day. Lorne, as soon as she was done,
rushed to move their carry-on.

As the single staff member on board quickly moved to find fresh stocks
of special kits, Lorne approached Lily as she fastened the tank to her
back and held the scoped E-Liter 4K Grizzco had lent her for the day,
with a moment of just wishing she had something more similar to the
weapons she had already used.

Lorne reached over the side of the boat, towards two tall, thin
canisters that held legally mandated liferafts. She grabbed one, stuffed
it into the carry-on, and held the full bag toward Lily. "Bad news, hun.
Looks like it's in the water toward the coast. Stash this somewhere on
that side of the worksite, and be ready to move as soon as it's clear.
Alright?"

Agent 5 sighed, and nodded, taking the bag. "Alright. Here's hoping that
old suit works still. Let's go to work."

"AND WEAR YOUR RADIOS, FOR GOODNESS SAKE!" Grizz barked again, apropos
of nothing.

Everyone grumbled, gathering back at the front, fully equipped and
radioed up. It was a requirement of the job - Mr. Grizz seemed the type
to keep a very close eye on the job, and wanted to be able to hear every
word of the team's communications - something the New Squidbeak Splatoon
were not thrilled with... but they'd figured out a way to keep their
plans secret, at least until they needed to take control of the
situation.

"Everyone remember the strategy?" Lorne said confidently, the first
words broadcasted back to Mr. Grizz, now that their 'break' was over.
"Once we get on-site, spread out, cover the whole space. We need fast
movement away from the Salmonids. Once that's done, or if they arrive
prematurely, we'll meet on the low terrain. Since it's low tide, they'll
likely make landfall there. Then it's just business as usual."

Remo, Eight and Lily nodded. "Any idea how long they'll attempt to come
aground?" Remo asked.

"Not over til it's over, rookie," Grizz told them over the headsets,
calmer. "Just get as many eggs as you can and stay alive."

The boat eventually came to a halt between the coast and the wrecked
boat, and the single staff member immediately went to work lowering the
ship's anchor from the controls in the cabin. "Alright, here's our
stop," Grizz remarked. "Get to work."

"...Alright." Lorne nodded to her coworkers, then shifted and super
jumped off toward the wrecked boat on the bay.

Remo, Lily, and Eight were right behind her, and as soon as they landed
they were off, Remo covering the far side of the coast with a Roller,
Eight inking the boat itself with a Blaster, Lorne heading south to ink
up some of the beach with a pair of Dualies, and Lily left to cover the
docks with her Charger-type weapon.

For Lily, she made a beeline for the farthest dock, closest to the
coast, where a buoy gently bobbed just beside it. Inking straight lines
with the E-Liter she was given, she raced over there with the bag she
had been given, ran up the few steps toward it, then leapt up, lifted
her body onto the buoy itself briefly, and deposited the bag, tying it
to one of its supports to keep it safe.

Leaping back down, she looked up at it. *No way to see it from down
here. Excellent.*

Waiting to charge up a shot was bothersome, but she quickly found that
the resulting blast from the E-Liter travelled quite far - enough so
that she was able to roughly coat the dock in ink from one end. She
spent a minute or so inking up as much of the area as she could, working
her way up back toward the beach, where the group were to meet.

"HEY!" The voice of Mr. Grizz barked in Lily's ear, and she winced.
"Quit dallying, inkling! Your friends are waiting for you! Go go go!"

*Well he wasn't watching then,* Lily remarked in her head. *At least I
don't look suspicious, just stupid. I can deal with that for now...*

She met up with the others down by a basket on the beach two minutes
later. "All set?" Remo asked her as she arrived.

Lily gave the group a thumbs up. "All set. Let's do this."

"Noticing a bit more activity than normal around here," Grizz radioed to
them. "I'll activate one of the cannons. Profreshional, I want you on
that. Cover your friends."

"If you say so, Grizz," Lorne replied, and looked up toward the wreck
they were standing in front of, where an odd orb-shape cannon blinked to
life, switched on remotely. She began to make her way around the side,
up the propeller lifts so she could get to it.

As they heard the cannon above turn on, Lorne manning the control, they
all heard the sound of a horn being blown, somewhere off the coast.

The Salmonids were beginning their attack.

They rushed ashore from the leftmost stretch of beach, about ten of the
small and regular Salmonids, the Smallfries and Chums as Lorne had told
the others. They charged toward the three on the beach in a frenzy as
more horns sounded in the background.

Lily, Remo and Eight launched into action. "Behind me!" Remo shouted,
leading the charge, Roller down and splatting a line down the middle of
the charging Salmonids. Eight followed, Blasting enemies down the side
of the charge at any Salmonids that they passed while Lily, hanging
back, carefully picked off the more distant targets.

Another horn sounded and Lorne's cannon turned. Over the radio she
called, "Lily, take the right! They're coming up there now!"

Lily backed off and inked up a path over to the opposite stretch of
beach, where indeed more of the crazed creatures were surfacing. Behind
them emerged a Cohock, one of the larger Salmonids Lily had been told
about, who looked tough and looked like a heavy hitter with that big
frying pan he carried. And behind *him*...

Lily faltered for a moment as she saw the tower of pots rise into view.
More and more of them. The collection was at least four times her
height. And on top was a... mechanical head of sorts. It whipped around
wildly as it searched for something to lock onto.

"There! Get its eggs!" Grizz called in her ear.

But the approaching Salmonids on the ground took Lily's attention first,
and she pulled back as she charged up her E-Liter and let off a blast,
taking out a line of Salmonids in a line, save the Cohock at the back -
though well-inked it wasn't quite through yet.

The fire of a cannon behind her made her jump slightly, and a moment
later a blast of explosive ink took out even more of the horde that had
made it ashore. A second blast, aimed at the tower of pots, knocked many
of them away. "Quick, knock the last few away!" Lorne called over her
radio. "Before it can fire off its Sting Ray!"

Lily rushed forward as the Stinger's eyes locked onto the duo of Remo
and Eight on the other side of the beach, dealing with their own horde,
and flung a Splat Bomb toward it even as she approached. The bomb,
bouncing along the ground, detonated quickly and the two pots it still
had were flung back into the sea, and the head slammed into the burner
at its base and burst, revealing three Golden Eggs.

She ran up to them, grabbed one, and tried to grab another - but found
that they were too big for her to do that. She fretted for a moment,
wondering what to do...

"C'mon kid! Go!" Grizz shouted in her ear. "Deposit that one and come
back!"

"Don't worry, Lily! I'll make sure they can't grab those in the
meantime!" Lorne called.

Lily nodded and, leaving another bomb behind her, ran for the egg
basket.

Meanwhile, Remo and Eight were taking care of their own rush of
Salmonids. Neither had really worked with each other until now - the
only idea they had of the other's competence was their battle from what
felt like long ago.

It felt strange to Remo to put his trust in an Octoling, even after
everything he and Eight had been through. But thankfully, either due to
his military training or his time in the Metro, Eight was doing well
with the weapon he'd been loaned. The Roller that Remo had been given
was doing well enough for the small enemies, such that the two could
just mow through them.

"Boss! To our left!" Eight called, suddenly firing at something emerging
from the ocean. Remo whipped around, coming face to face with a
Steelhead.

Remo's face dropped. They hadn't faced one of these yet. "Lorne!" He
called into the radio as he and Eight backed off, firing at the great
beast, though their ink splashed harmlessly off its armor. "We got a
Steelhead. What's the strategy?"

"Not doing that," Mr. Grizz told them flatly.

"You wanna help them be a better worker or not, Grizz?!" Lorne
chastised, hoping her profreshional status would protect her. "Wait for
it to start charging a bomb, guys, then attack that!" As she spoke,
another boom from the cannon sounded, and an explosive ink round landed
among the mass of creatures further back on the beach, splatting and
dispersing them.

"Got it," Remo replied, and glanced at Eight briefly. "I'm not sure I
can get enough height with a Roller fling, Eight. I'll do what I can to
fend everything else off if you can attack that."

Eight met his glance and nodded at him.

And then they both heard the sound of something growing, inflating.

Remo and Eight both turned toward the noise, and saw the Steelhead, and
something filling up on its head.

The bomb.

Eight's weapon instinctively snapped back up and he fired his Blaster
toward it, even as he and Remo backed away, Eight heading back through
their ink and Remo pushing forward through with the Roller.

Despite several good shots on the Steelhead's bomb, it still shot off
from its head, toward Eight.

"Three! The bomb! I'm backing off!" Eight called as he zipped backwards
in octopus form as the projectile landed where he had been, exploding a
moment later in a splash of dark, sickly green, after which he charged
back into the fray.

The crew was kept busy over the next half-hour, even as at points the
attack lulled and Lily, Remo and Eight were able to briefly regroup
underneath Lorne's cannon, sharing encouraging words and checking on how
many Golden Eggs they had accrued. Otherwise they worked in pairs as
Remo and Eight, and Lily and Lorne repelled the Salmonids.

And then, suddenly there were none left ashore. The Agents looked around
and waited for a minute, thinking it just another lull, but then
Mr. Grizz's voice came in over the radios. "Looks like they're backing
off. And we got a decent collection of eggs out of it. It'll do.
Alright, come back to the boat."

Lily and Eight let out an audible sigh of relief. The former checked her
hat. *Excellent*, she thought to herself. She still had both Splashdown
charges. She'd need them.

Remo gave her a nod, knowing what was next, and after Lily handed him
her weapon to take back, he and Lorne super-jumped back over to the
Grizzco boat.

The remaining team, however, rushed away from the beach over to the dock
area. As Lily climbed up onto the buoy to retrieve the bag she had left
earlier, thankfully untouched, Mr. Grizz radioed them again. "Hey. Kids.
Yer done here. And company rules forbid bringing external equipment
on-site. Return to the boat."

Agents Five and Eight ignored him. Instead Five radioed to their
counterparts on the boat. "Aight Three, Four, I'm suiting up." They
unzipped the bag and pulled everything out - the deployable liferaft,
the old diving suit and the Tracker. Lily immediately set about putting
the suit on, with Eight to help.

"Is that a liferaft FROM MY BOAT?!" Grizz shouted at them. "That's
private property! RETURN TO THE BOAT, WITH THAT RAFT! Or we'll leave
without you," he finished, threatening them.

She tucked her tentacles into the suit, then fitted the diving helmet on
over her head and fastened it to the rest of the suit. She keyed her mic
as Eight grabbed the liferaft tube and deployed it into the water next
to them, then began to use the Tracker to scan for the artefact they
were here for. "We're not deserting. Give us three minutes and our
mission will be over. Waters clear, guys?"

Remo, scoped in with Lily's loaned E-Liter, responded, Lorne with a pair
of binoculars beside him. "Looks like it. Could change though. Better
hurry. Hope that suit works."

"What is going on here?!" Grizz growled in frustration, realising the
situation was falling out of his control.

Once Lily was suited up and the raft was ready to go, Eight pointed
stood back and nodded. "Good luck, Agent 5," the Octoling said. "I'd
better get back to the boat."

Lily nodded as she slid from the dock into the small liferaft. "Make
sure he doesn't leave without me," she replied with a smirk.

As she heard Eight super jump away, she nervously took hold of the
paddles the raft had been deployed with. *Better work fast*, she thought
as she experimentally tested each one, taking a moment to remember how
to row, before setting off, rowing as hard as she could against the
waters, trying to move fast.

"...So, 'Agent', huh?" Mr. Grizz returned after a few quiet moments of
rowing, quieter, calmer but still angry. "Yes, I've heard stories from
the war, of the Squidbeak Splatoon and their so-called 'daring
missions'. But I assumed you folks had disbanded long ago. Or perhaps,"
he wondered aloud to her, "you four are slimy hipster wannabes trying to
play spy...Trying to follow in the footsteps of your heroes. What're you
even here for, anyway? Why're yer disrespectin' my business, my
efforts?"

"Oh wh--- Lily, we're starting to move!" Lorne radioed in. Lily's eyes
snapped toward the boat, to her right, and saw that indeed it was
starting to slowly move off from its position.

"Stop it!" Lily called back anxiously, checking the waters around her
again with the Tracker. She was now about thirty meters out, and judging
by the clicking of the Tracker, she was nearly above it. She pushed
herself to keep rowing further. "I'm almost there!"

"What're yer expectin' to find, kid?" Grizz chimed in again. "You
realise that you're surrounded by death, right?"

"...I'm aware," Lily finally replied to him. "But there's something here
we need to preserve. An item of the past that we can't lose."

"And? Even if that were true, you realise anything found in these
territories belongs to Grizzco Industries? I'm not lettin' ya smuggle
whatever it is out of here, not without some compensation at least.
Either way, I've decided I'm not interested in sticking around to see if
you survive. Thanks for the Golden Eggs. Farewell."

Lily grumbled, pushing harder, rowing as fast as she was able. Even with
her friends struggling against the remotely-piloted Grizzco boat, she
now had a time limit. Even if she did survive what she had to do... she
did not want to be stranded.

"Five! Behind you!" Remo called over the radio, and Lily turned to
see...

A bobbing fishing lure, making its way toward her craft.

Maws.

As the boats grew closer together, the Grizzco boat taking a path around
the Marooner's Bay to get back to the open waters, Remo let loose a shot
of pressurized E-Liter ink that shot into the water, aimed at the
creature that awaited just underneath the lure as it grew closer to
Lily. It had no effect.

But then the lure disappeared beneath Lily's raft, and her eyes went
wide.

"LILY! QUICK! BOMB!" Lorne shouted hurriedly.

Lily did two things.

She unholstered a Splat Bomb from its holster, set its fuse and dropped
it on the boat.

And as she did, she pushed herself up and over the front of the boat as
she tore open and activated one of the special sachets.

Activating a Splashdown.

Maws made its appearance as she did, crashing through the flimsy
inflatable raft and tearing it to shreds, inadvertantly gulping down the
Splat Bomb she'd left.

And as she hovered in the air, moments before the Splashdown mechanism
would fling her downward toward the ground, she saw Maws burst, cooked
from the inside by the bomb. Three Golden Eggs floated in the water next
to her, amongst remnants of the raft she was just in.

And then Agent 5 was flung into the water, propelled by the Splashdown's
power.

She sank like a stone.

"Lily?!" Eight radioed in in a panic.

"Lily, you alright?" Agent 4 also called in. "Let us know as soon as you
can. I don't see your spirit, which I *think* is good..."

The water was murky with a greenish tinge. She looked around as she
sank, trying to see anything around her. But she couldn't see a thing.

She got the impression after a moment that her descent had halted, or at
least slowed to a crawl. She took the other Splashdown satchel and tore
it open, and as it activated she felt the water rush past her as she
sank with renewed force.

She was surprised when her feet touched the rocky, dusty ground. Sooner
than she had expected. Visibility was rotten - she only seemed to be
able to see two meters in front of her. The diving suit was holding up,
but the water pressure pushing against her, trying to crush her, was
incredibly uncomfortable.

She also realised quickly that she, and her fellow agents, had neglected
to find a working oxygen tank for the diving suit. The oxygen she had
was whatever had seeped in from the surface.

The sooner she finished this the better.

Agent 5 took steps through the water, working in almost slow motion,
continuing toward where the Tracker had last indicated the presence of
the artefact. Finally she breathed, "This is surreal... It has to be
nearby."

"Oh thank goodness you're alive!" Four called in. "Any sign of it yet?"

"No," Five replied, scanning the area with her eyes - the Tracker would
be rendered useless under the water, and so it was fixed to Lily's waist
inside the suit. "I can't be far off though..."

The sea floor was nearly barren here. Here and there were vague signs
that Salmonid nests may have passed through or lived nearby - frying
pans and cooking utensils were the most common thing she saw down here.

She found herself approaching what looked like a nest of sorts. *Uh
oh...* she stepped carefully, but couldn't see any creatures about. Not
yet, anyway...

And then, among what was seemingly a pile of 'treasure', she saw it.

It looked like a black brick with wires hanging out of it.

It looked like an external storage drive, like those she'd seen in IT
stores across Inkopolis.

Carefully, making sure nothing saw her, she picked it up to examine
it.Though worn... the text and logo on its top was human.

This was it.

She held it tightly to her and leapt up, beginning to swim back upward,
as her lungs began to ache, struggling to find new oxygen in her suit.

"Got it...!" she radioed in briefly. "Coming up..."

"Good work!" Remo said cheerfully. "We managed to stop the boat from
moving, so we'll be right here for you. Eight and Lorne are on their way
out in the other liferaft."

Agent 5 said nothing in response, trying to focus on swimming upward
with one arm holding the device to her. Swimming like this only exerted
her more, and she began to feel ill, and the pain in her lungs grew.

With the murky waters, she couldn't tell just how far it was to the
surface. How far had those Splashdowns taken her?

The water started to lighten up as she swam, not sure how much longer
she would las---

And then Lily broke the surface suddenly and the bright sunlight nearly
blinded her as she treaded water, looking around.

"There!" She heard the voice of Lorne nearby, and spun around.

She and Eight were nearby, paddling over to her.

Thank goodness.

She was saved.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Once everyone had made it back to the Grizzco boat and Eight had
disabled the jammer that had blocked Mr. Grizz from guiding the boat,
Lily and the others laid on the deck as they were guided back toward
Inkopolis.

Once Mr. Grizz had re-established contact with the boat, he was
*furious*. His first order of business was to ban them from working
shifts as one team. Then, despite having one more outpost to head to, he
set about navigating the boat back to civilization. "The sooner you four
are off this boat and out of my shop the better," he had grumbled.

The Agents would later leave the Grizzco front into Inkopolis Square,
denied their bonuses (except for Lorne, but only because she was a
proven profreshional) and head toward the subway station. Eight, having
become one of the more technologically-minded of the group, took the
drive they had recovered as Lily explained how old drive storage worked
to the best of her ability. He would try to repair what he could of it,
since the drive was waterlogged.

He left on the train, waving to the others.

They'd find out what was salvageable from the disk, eventually.

Remo, Lily and Lorne saw Eight off, and then headed back and over to
Crusty Sean's stall to for a Schwaffle and a drink.

They'd earned it.