---
title: 'The Attack'
published: true
date: '12-06-2018 21:13'
visible: false
aura:
    pagetype: website
    metadata:
        Chapter: '2'
metadata:
    'og:url': 'http://site.neurario.com/writing/begin-again/part-1/2-the-attack'
    'og:type': website
    'og:title': 'The Attack | Neurario Dot Com'
    'og:author': 'Neurario Dot Com'
    'twitter:card': summary_large_image
    'twitter:title': 'The Attack | Neurario Dot Com'
    'twitter:site': '@splatsune'
    'twitter:creator': '@splatsune'
    'article:published_time': '2018-06-12T21:13:00+00:00'
    'article:modified_time': '2020-11-16T22:27:43+00:00'
    'article:author': 'Neurario Dot Com'
    Part: '1'
    Chapter: '2'
---

> *An Octoling squad makes its move.*

===

In the early hours of the morning, he awoke to the sound of an automated
alarm.

"Warning. Unauthorized intrusion detected." The alarm, coming through a
tinny speaker somewhere to his left, then began making whooping noises,
before repeating itself in its calm womanly voice.

He forced his eyes awake. It took him a few seconds to realise that he
was in the strange room from last time he was awake. He turned his head
to the left, towards the source of the sound. It was a radio. It sat on
the table next to the bed, next to which was a lamp, a neatly folded
pile of clothing, and a weapon of some kind. It was a pile that seemed
to be intended for him.

He reached out to take hold of the weapon, swinging himself to a sitting
position on the bed, and as he did so realised that his arm was
hairless, free of freckles. He frowned. In fact, it really didn't look
like his own hand at all. His gaze travelled up his arm and towards the
shoulder, and it took for him to finally gaze down his body at his hips
to realise this was NOT his body at all.

His mouth hung open. He stood quickly, ignoring the blare of the alarm
for a moment as he searched frantically for a mirror. He found one in
the dresser and stood before it. Thick, sky blue tentacles hung from his
head, like long hair. A sort of black mask had grown in around his wider
eyes. Hell, it was just plain to see that the body he had right now
reminded him of one of the girls that had been in the room with him
previously.

"Oh fuck me..." they said, in a voice that they didn't recognise.

The radio siren suddenly stopped, which cut off their train of thought.
Their head snapped to look at the radio, and they reached over to grab
the weapon from the table.

They jumped when a less calm version of the alarm's recorded voice came
in over the radio. "Come in human. Come in, human." It said loudly.
"There are multiple enemies headed in your direction and nobody else is
nearby to help you. I'm sorry about what's happened to you, but..."

He... she... they... tuned out the voice as they examined the
Splattershot Jr.Â It looked similar to an Uzi, but painted light gray,
and orange in some parts, like it was some offbrand Nerf gun. The
hastily-attached rounded container snapped onto the back of seemed to
hold... some type of liquid inside, they weren't sure what. Looking over
it though, it seemed very similar to the water gun comparison he had
made just before.

"...may have to fight them. I'll be there as soon as I can, but-"

A bang caused them to fumble and nearly drop the weapon. They whipped
around and focused on the door, weapon trained on it, trembling. *Well,
make do with what you have, I guess.*

It was silent, for just a moment. And then the explosion of a Blaster
burst the door wide open, and on the other side was a creature, similar
to the two she had already seen, but less... friendly. It was geared up
in all-black, had red tentacles with suction cups along its "hair", and
had its eyes obscured. It froze for just a moment, in some sort of
surprise at the target's form, but that was enough time for the
newly-turned Inkling to jam her finger on the trigger.

She was surprised to feel the force of the Splattershot's blast. But she
was more surprised by the projectile itself. A shot of orange ink burst
from the muzzle of the weapon, one after another, and pelted the other
creature, quickly causing them to burst into orange ink, which covered
her and most of the doorway.

She could barely register the shock of having just 'killed' something,
before a shot of reddish ink zipped through the doorway and splat
against the back wall of the room. *I can't stay here*, she quickly
realised. *I'll be a goner for sure. But I'll have to get out
there...with them.*

She pressed herself against the wall next to the doorway, invisible to
the attackers. Gun against her chest, she slowly attempted to lean out
to see how many were out there.

She snapped her head back as more red ink loosed itself in her
direction. She was pretty sure she saw three of those... things. They
seemed similar to her, and yet seemed more sinister to the creatures
she'd already met. Domes like suction cups grew along their red
tentacles, and they all had a distinct black outfit. She didn't get a
good look at their eyes, they seemed to have been covered in something
black as well. So these were the things that gave you such grief, she
thought to herself, directed at the lady over the radio.

She also saw that there was some kind of rock formation, like an arch,
to the right of the open doorway, and open sky. She figured if she could
at least make her way in that direction she'd have a better chance of
survival.

And so, without much of a plan, much of a hope, she leapt from the
doorway, Splattershot blazing, landed on the cold concrete ground, and
ran for it past the archway. Most of the ground was covered in orange
and red ink, which all seemed very dangerous to her - leaping between
patches and lines and puddles, shooting aimlessly behind her. The
octo-looking creatures were just cresting the hill now and headed for
her. She'd gained some distance, somehow.

She had a quick idea and, aiming carefully, placed a few shots of ink on
the ground, so that the way to her was covered in ink. She was standing
in the open, near some odd kettle concreted into the ground, but surely
they couldn't cross the ink?

The squad of three stopped before the ink. They looked at the veritable
sea of ink that had been laid down over time, and then at the Inkling
that was undeniably their target. The Octolings looked to each other,
then nodded and aimed their weapons.

Their red ink splashed on top of the orange ink, as they made a red
bridge towards her. The Inkling stepped back safety from their shots,
wondering what they were up to.

And then the leader of the three smirked at her, and leapt at the ink
trail, transforming into some kind of squid before her very eyes, and
disappearing into the ink, her two comrades following behind her.

Oh fuck, was the only thing that went through her mind as she turned and
ran, trying to find a corner to get away from them, but as they snaked
after her, gaining inch after inch on her, it seemed impossible. She
turned and aimed as best she could at the leader. Half her shots missed,
but even those landed in the ink trail, and seemed to slow the others.
But she kept firing, and saw one more Octoling burst into orange ink,
showering her friends and forcing them up out of the ink, struggling to
get out of the orange ink.

*Huh...* she thought to herself, before they opened fire.

They were definitely better than her. Several shots pelted into her
chest, causing her to scream out in pain. This body really didn't like
the red ink - it felt like poison was burrowing into her, and she
staggered back and fell backwards onto the cold concrete floor, just
inches from the edge of the platform.

One of the Octolings stepped out of the ink, and slowly stepped toward
her, not stopping until it was standing right above her body, pinned by
its legs on either side. Feeling like she only had one chance left, the
Inkling girl snapped her weapon arm up so it was pointed right at the
thing's face, and held down the trigger.

Click.

The Octoling smirked. In a low, female voice, it said, "You're coming
with us now."

And then she exploded into green ink.

The girl expected to feel more pain as it spilled down on her, but oddly
she just felt soaked and shocked. She looked around to see what
happened.

The green-tentacled girl had arrived. She was standing a few meters
away, holding an umbrella out like a weapon. She ran over and reached a
hand out to the confused Inkling. "Hi. I'm Marie. Come on. The last
one's trying to get away."

The squid girl climbed back on her feet, and sprinted in the direction
Marie had pointed in, leaping over the ink puddles, before reaching an
'impenetrable' floor of red ink. The Octoling on the other side,
preparing to jump away, turned to look at her.

It had removed the veil from its eyes. They were glasses, she realised,
as they looked across the way right at her.

And then... The Octoling wolf-whistled at her.

In her confusion, she looked down at her hands, and then the rest of
her.

And realised that she had been battling these things nude this whole
time.

She heard a sound like a bottle rocket going off, and looked back up.

And the Octoling had launched itself away, into the sky.

"...What?"

Her gaze followed its trail into the night sky, and then just stared
into the stars.

A minute passed.

The danger seemingly over, the adrenaline started to wear off and the
full realisation of what had happened to her began to hit. She sank to
her knees and continued to stare outward, thoughts rushing through her
mind. She heard Marie walk up next to her, and didn't turn.

They both sat and looked up at the stars for what must have been a few
minutes. The cold night air brushed past them, and the naked Inkling
began to shiver.

"Why didn't you put those clothes on?" Marie finally asked. It occurred
to the other that she understood the green squid suddenly. She
attributed this to the transformation she'd undergone.

"...No time." She finally spoke, amazed at the sound of her own voice.
Her older voice was a lot deeper, more... male, of course. This one was
strangely more in line with the voice she imagined herself having if she
were female, only younger. "I'd only gotten to pick up the... the weapon
before I had to..."

She went silent. Marie understood.

"I... I didn't just murder, did I...?"

"No.Â They are still alive, for better or worse. They most likely ended
up regrouping back home."

More silence. The Inkling turned her head to look up at her. "Why were
they after me, though?"

Marie thought. "That... I don't know. When you fell, you were only out
here for maybe five minutes, tops before I got you inside to safety.
Unless they saw you fall out of the sky, they really shouldn't have
known you were here..." There was a pause. The Inkling realised she was
still working things out too.

Marie continued, "If they saw you falling, then I guess they had to have
put together that you were that person somehow, and that you were still
here... Hmm. And they wanted to take you away..."

Marie turned to look at her. "Whatever is going on, we won't let you get
captured by them. It's... making the best of a bad situation for you, I
realise... but you'll like being a part of this world. I promise."

"Now get some clothes on, you silly squid, it's like three in the
morning."