---
title: 'Her New World'
date: '13-06-2018 09:09'
visible: false
aura:
    pagetype: website
    metadata:
        Chapter: '3'
metadata:
    'og:url': 'http://site.neurario.com/writing/begin-again/part-1/3-her-new-world'
    'og:type': website
    'og:title': 'Her New World | Neurario Dot Com'
    'og:author': 'Neurario Dot Com'
    'twitter:card': summary_large_image
    'twitter:title': 'Her New World | Neurario Dot Com'
    'twitter:site': '@splatsune'
    'twitter:creator': '@splatsune'
    'article:published_time': '2018-06-13T09:09:00+00:00'
    'article:modified_time': '2020-11-16T22:26:47+00:00'
    'article:author': 'Neurario Dot Com'
    Part: '1'
    Chapter: '3'
---

>The new girl visits Inkopolis Square, gains an objective, and learns about urban warfare/state-sanctioned sport.

===

"Is... this normal?"

"No, she's just weird."

Lily stood awkwardly as Agent 4 continued to walk around her, an
orange-tentacled inkling to Lily's sky-blue, examining her from
seemingly every angle. Marie, standing two meters away, had just
introduced the two.

She was glad that she'd been given this level 1 clothing - though she'd
slept in, the late morning air was still a bit chilly. The clothes fit
snugly on her - though she figured that was more due to the material
than her size - and they hugged her form.

Apparently defeated in trying to find a flaw in Lily's 'disguise', Agent
4 straightened up and crossed her arms, putting on some mocking voice.
"So! Where'd ya come from, hooooman? Gonna take over again, hoooooman?
Where'd you learn to fight a squad of Octos, hoooooooman? Eh?"

Lily stared at her. She was still working out where the relation of her
world, or time, to theirs was. "Uhhhhh... Earth? No? I didn't? I was
terrible?"

Marie interjected, a slight smirk on her face. "She's only still here
because I don't think they expected someone to fight them without
clothes."

Lily sighed and rolled her eyes. "Give me a break! If I took the extra
minute to put this stuff on I wouldn't be here."

"I know, I know. I am at least glad that you held your own long enough
for me to get there..." There was a slight pause, and Agent 4 settled
back into her usual self. \"Well, Agent 4, I figured, since you missed
the action last night, would you show her around, help her settle in?

"Sounds great! Hooray, I have a new friend\~!" Agent 4 said in a sing
songy voice, and grabbed Lily's hand, pulling her along toward the grate
which led toward the Inkopolis Square. "Come on! Race you to the
square!" She jumped into the air, transformed into a squid, and slid
neatly past the grate cover, and vanished into the ink below.

Lily stood above the grate, staring down after her, a frown forming.
About ten seconds later, the same orange squid reappeared underneath the
grate and stared up at her.

"Oh right..." She thought she heard it say.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Come on, say it!"

"It's not THAT weird..."

"But look at all the tall buildings!"

"We had those!"

"There's screens everywhere!"

"Times Square was a thing..."

"We've got creatures with fur, though!" Agent 4 gestured wildly at Judd
snoozing by the entrance to the Battle Lobby.

"Cats existed where I came from!"

"Whoooooaaa. Judd's oooold."

"I mean, I don't think I've ever seen that cat before..."

Lily and Agent 4 sat at a table off to the side of the square, eating
soft-serve ice cream cones. They'd just spent some time walking around
the different storefronts, Agent 4 giving her the guided tour.

*As it turned out*, Lily thought, *I guess it's really difficult to
describe how to do something that's naturally inherent in your species*.
It had taken a few tries, and lots of awkward explaining, but they
eventually managed to get Lily into a squid form so they could both
travel to Inkopolis.

Going from the quiet, floating platforms in Octo Canyon to a bustling
city was a shock to Lily, but she realised pretty quickly that things
hadn't changed much from the cities she'd been to. She watched the
populace move by as she finished her ice cream, watching them go about
their daily life. Groups of Inklings hanging out with each other. Some
just slowly plodding by in front of their phones. She stared out into
the crowd until Agent 4 nudged her to get her attention. "Mmm?"

"Shouldn't we go see Sheldon now?"

"Who?"

"The guy who runs the weapons shop! Mar-- Our friend said you should get
a checkup done, to see what was going on with you."

"Aaaaand the weapons shopkeeper can do that."

"Just going off of what I was told! Let's go!"

And just like that, Lily found herself inside a shop called "Ammo
Knights". The shop was indeed dedicated to displays of different types
of weaponry. She did a double take when she saw a simple metal bucket
hanging off the wall. *I mean, I GUESS*, Lily screamed in her head.

According to Agent 4, they were all for handling ink in some capacity.
"See, turf wars thrive with all the different strategies all these
offer."

"Turf wars? Is that... common in this city?"

"All the time! It's an Inkling's most popular pastime!"

Lily blinked. "I.. guess I must be thinking of something else."

"Ahh, welcome, Agent!" A friendly male voice called from the back of the
shop as a short fellow, slightly yellow all over, scurried out from
behind the counter to meet them. He shook Agent 4's hand and then turned
to bow to Lily. "And you must be our special guest from the past!
Welcome to our humble city!"

Lily shifted about, uncomfortable. "I uh, appreciate the gesture,
Sheldon, but I'm not that special anymore." Regardless, she reached out
her hand to shake his.

"Pah! Always a pleasure." Sheldon's smile seemed at least genuine. "Miss
Marie has kept me up to date on your situation, and if I may I'd like to
perform a few tests if I could be so bold...?"

She looked at him, then at Agent 4. "I'm... assuming all this is staying
confidential, right?"

"Of course," Sheldon said with another smile and a bow. "For the time
being, of course. I've not seen any cases of someone being changed by
ink contact before, and I'm hoping to figure out why this has happened."

He shifted his gaze toward the back door. "But also, if it would put you
at ease, I have retrieved something that might belong to you."

"Well..." Lily thought briefly about it. There wasn't much she felt she
could do to object, and her trust in Marie hadn't felt particularly
misplaced yet, so she nodded. "Lead the way."

"Excellent! It was also recommended to me that we give you some time on
the shooting range when we are finished. I assume you could help her
there, Agent 4?"

"Of course."

"Splendid! Now, please follow me through the back."

Sheldon's back offices were, to put it nicely, untidy. Each room seemed
like it served a wildly different purpose. The room Lily was ultimately
steered into was supposedly supposed to serve a medical purpose - there
was a kind of dentist's chair near the middle and various equipment
around it. It was like the messy version of a TV studio's picture of a
doctor's office. "Take a seat, please miss," Sheldon said, gesturing at
Lily toward the chair.

As she made herself comfortable, Agent 4 sat on the medical bed behind
the chair, and Sheldon sat by the chair, getting protective gear on. As
he did so, he finally asked Lily to talk about herself. She had to think
about this, wondering how much to tell. She chose her words carefully.
"So I'm... I'm basically a big computer nerd," she began, staring up at
the ceiling as she talked. "I lived for about... 26 years on..." She
paused, unsure whether she was in another universe or something, or from
the past. "Sorry, 26 years before I got... turned, I guess. Worked in
cleaning, did some factory work. I guess most people in my life would
call me a good friend, that I was there for them..."

"Good, good," Sheldon said absentmindedly. "How did you come to arrive
in Octo Canyon, then? Do you remember?"

Lily could feel Agent 4 leaning closer behind her. "I... remember, but I
can't make sense of it. My part of the world isn't really supposed to
get earthquakes or things like that, but that's more or less what
happened. This ravine opened up under my house and I just kinda got...
thrown in. I thought for sure I was just dead. I guess I blacked out or
something, but right before that the darkness of that ravine just sorta
turned into bright light and... I guess that might have been when I
'arrived' here. But stuff like that isn't supposed to happen where I
come from..."

"It doesn't happen here either," Agent 4 chimed in. "Sounds like magic."

"Don't confuse the poor girl," Sheldon admonished her. "Magic doesn't
exist here either, only in fiction." He turned back to Lily, having now
put on more appropriate doctor wear on top of his regular outfit and
holding a small needle. "Hold still a moment, I'm taking a DNA sample.
So tell me, are you... alright? I can't imagine many people would be
able to cope with what you're going through, with the loss of your...
identity, I guess."

"You mean I'm not a boy anymore, don't you? Ow." Lily winced as the
needle carefully entered her arm.

"Well, all of it, but... start with that if you want."

"I miss it a little bit, if that's what you mean," Lily said,
unimpressed. "As a whole, I've the same general body structure, so while
yeah this all feels weird it's not like I'm entirely out of my element.
Most of the shock feels more from the fact this world feels so much the
same but at the same so different to mine, and also y'know, I was
friggin' attacked last night. I'm more upset about that than losing my
male identity. Actually, also kind of in shock about losing access to my
phone and my friends. May as well be the same thing, was never great at
making local friends."

"Interesting that you mention that." Sheldon had transferred the sample
to a small test tube, and put it aside in a fridge, and was now removing
the doctor gear. "Okay, Miss Lily, that's the sample done. I'll let you
know the results soon. Now let's get you both out to the firing range
where I have a few more things for you."

The firing range was a rented warehouse behind the buildings of the
Square, mostly concreted and with railings, walkways and tracks
installed for various inflatable targets. It was a place for Inklings
old and new to try out the latest weapons, or just the ones they are
interested in. Sheldon led the two squids to the back of his shop, which
looked out into the range, in which was a map of what seemed like the
main region of the country in which Inkopolis and Octopia both resided,
as well as several tables full of various things. There were several
areas circled on the map, some close, some far, but what they meant was
not immediately apparent.

"When you appeared in our world," Sheldon began again, "you did not come
through alone. Several items - by the sounds of things, some of your
belongings - came through the supposed portal and scattered throughout
our land. I've no idea what condition they may be in, but there are
three that were found here in this city, four more within Octo Canyon,
one outside of the city limits somewhere, and one more in the waters
where a company called Grizzco operates, so you'll more than likely have
to go with them to get close to that one."

"H-how do you know all this already?"

"I hear things here and there. I'm privy to some breaking news. These
two in the city, for example," Sheldon gestured at two points on the
outer edges of the city, "were discovered almost right away I believe,
but they're on our skyscrapers. These particular ones, there's no roof
access and they were designed so you can't ink and swim up them. It's a
building code of some sort," he said. "These," he gestured at Octo
Canyon, "were picked up by Marie over sonar. No idea what they are, just
that they have the same sort of 'otherworldly scent'."

Lily nodded. A plan was beginning to form. It was probably a stupid
plan, but it was something. "OK, so where you do you recommend I get
started?"

"With this." And Sheldon handed her a mobile phone.

"Err, thanks." She glanced over it, and then made to put it in her
shorts pocket, but it twigged and she gave it another look. "No fucking
way..." she thought, a bit loudly.

Sheldon had just given her her iPhone.

Her eyes lit up as she held the power button to turn it on. While it
booted, she looked at him and Agent 4, beaming. "My goodness, you guys!
I was starting to think you were just pulling my leg! It's... entirely
undamaged too, what the hell."

"Now, there's no real time limit to getting these," Sheldon said,
getting her back on topic, "but be aware that especially in the Canyon,
you may have enemy parties looking for or defending them, so... if you
decide to go for those, maybe go for them first."

"Maybe I can help with at least scouting the Canyon locations," said
Agent 4, looking closer at the map. "These two locations nearest home I
must have already been to, and I can give you an idea of what you'll
face later on. Same with the others but who knows, you may end up
beating me there, since I'm grabbing Zapfishes as well."

"Alright, well, let's see..." Lily thought about it for a moment. "Okay,
so why don't we coordinate on the Canyon ones, grab a couple out there
first, and then I could... maybe grab one or both of the city ones,
outskirts, then see how we are by then? I figure, the 'Octos' as you
call them probably know about some of these, and probably have one or
two already, so it might be worth me doing what I can to get some
experience in the field before I take them on more directly..."

"Oh! Speaking of!" Sheldon said excitedly, shuffling over to a corner
and retrieving what looked like some more weapons from the table and
bringing them over to Lily. "The ink tank,\
Splat Bombs, and Ink Armor mechanism to accompany your Splattershot Jr,
seeing you'll be able to use them now."

"Oh, uh... thanks," said the inkling girl awkwardly. "Is this supposed
to be free, or..?"

"Well, no. See, at Ammo Knights we sell each weapon as a complete set.
So every weapon you saw in the shopfront will always come with an
inksplosive grenade or projectile of some kind, and what we call a
'special' weapon for Turf Wars, which is limited use but can turn the
tide when used well. The sets basically cater to different play styles,
so once you reach level 4 in the Turf Wars and you feel like your
current set just isn't cutting it, maybe take a look at the other sets
available! We always recommend sticking with the Splattershot for a
while though, it's an all-rounder. These things are what come with it."

Lily nodded. So this turf war thing is more like a sport and not so much
to do with actual gangs... got it. "And this canister?"

"Oh, well, that's what holds your ink! It's what makes your set work
together! Quite literally, actually," he permitted himself a small
chuckle. "When you go into your squid form and sit around in your ink,
or your team's ink, the tank will fill up, making sure you're ready to
get back into the fray in seconds. And then it comes with nozzles to
connect to your weapons and projectiles, to make sure they're ready to
use when you need them!"

"And... I think that's it! Oh, no, actually..." He ran off to the table
again and grabbed a strange handheld device, bringing it over and
placing it in Lily's free hand, with a data cable wrapped around it.
"I've been working on a translator at Miss Marie's request, human to
inkling and back. I'd much appreciate it if you could supply some more
sample data for me."

Lily examined it. It was a yellow, oddly-shaped device, some cross
between a Yak Bak and a Digivice, with a plug that matched the connector
for the iPhone she was continuing to hold in the other hand. The cable
was, amazingly enough, seemingly designed to plug into both devices. "We
managed to collaborate with the tech company behind this building to
reverse-engineer the connection for your phone, so you should be able to
record your voice and import that or any other voice recordings you may
have on to this device, which'll then be sent wirelessly to me. I mean,
hey, if you are able to provide some of your own translations of things,
that would be greatly appreciated, but there are certainly more
important things at hand here..."

Lily nodded. "I at least know that I have some spoken podcasts... ah,
audio shows on my phone that I can plug into it..."

Sheldon smiled. His work was done. "Well, that's basically everything I
can think of. Any questions before we get you out on the firing range?"

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Agent 4 and Lily spent the next few hours alone in the firing range. The
first thing she taught was that it was okay to start off with poor aim.
In Turf Wars, she said, the aim was simply to cover the most territory
in the set time, so while splatting opponents was important to stop them
from taking it back, she explained it was perfectly valid to avoid
combat and quietly reclaim the territory.

She taught the newbie more about how to use her squid form, and set her
some small challenges, like swimming up inked walls, or jumping between
puddles of ink. Once she felt the blue-tentacled girl had become more
comfortable with the form, then they finally got out the Splattershot
and practiced firing, first on the inflatable dummies, then on the
moving targets.

At first Lily took her shots slowly, as opposed to her previous
experience holding the weapon, and Agent 4 was patient with her. She'd
aim carefully - only when she was sure that she would hit her target
would she briefly pull the trigger, and a single shot of ink would fire
from its chamber at the dummy. She missed, most of the time, and that
upset her, but every now and then she'd remember to relax, take a few
breaths, and try again. As the hour went by, and she started to
understand the weapon and the aiming, the time from 'concentrate' to
'fire' went down, and she seemed to be getting more confident in her
shots. She was still missing, but she was at least hitting them most of
the time, so Agent 4 declared it a success, so she moved her onto the
moving targets.

These targets were affixed to a motorized track that moved them back and
forth across a section of the warehouse. First Lily tried her
single-shot method out on them. She was only hitting them a third of the
time to begin with, but with a few minutes of practice her accuracy was
about 50%. Then Agent 4 told her to start using it full-auto. Lily
braced herself and let it loose, covering things in ink. She fired for a
few seconds at a time, attempting to adjust for recoil, and watching the
targets start to pop more quickly. She smiled - she was beginning to
feel more ready to take on the journey ahead.

When they left it was about 2PM, and the Square was a bit quieter.
"...But really, the best way to practice is to get into the Turf Wars,"
Agent 4 was saying as they left. "It's all above board and designed so
you can't really get hurt... maybe you just hurt your pride a little."

"I'll manage," Lily smiled. "So where next?"

"Oh! I don't actually know..." said the orange-tentacled inkling,
thinking. "Well, you've got your mobile back, but we should probably
hook you up with something more proper if you're gonna be sticking
around. I know a provider a short ways away we can get a good price on."

"That'd be cool, but, I dunno. I don't exactly have cash to get on a
plan with."

"Look, don't worry about that," came the reply, Agent 4 grinning at her.
"I'll cover ya today. We're only going pre-paid anyway, and I've been
doing fine on the turf wars on my spare time so trust me, I can afford
to do this."

Lily let her mouth hang silently. These creatures were treating her so
nicely, she thought. It felt like Agent 4 had brought her into the fold
a lot more readily than she expected, and that surprised her. She knew
though that they would have to part ways for a while for their
respective missions, and it would most likely be her on her own...

"...You okay, Lil? You're tearing up." Agent 4 was staring at her, and
she couldn't help but blush. "It's not that big of a deal..."

"Oh gosh, it is for /me/, though," Lily quietly said. "Phones are really
expensive in my time, and I've never heard of anyone doing anything like
that for me..."

"Yeah? Well, maybe they should."

"But..."

"Come on." Agent 4 took her by the hand and began dragging her along.
She quickly gave up and started walking behind her, but Agent 4 never
let go. She had a tight grip, but it was also... warm. And soft. She
quickly pushed her thoughts to the side - this was really the wrong time
to think too hard on that, she flimsily justified to herself.

After the phone store, they also went to the Shellendorf Institute
Museum - it was open for visitors on the weekdays, and Agent 4 took her
to the human exhibit and they talked about her world. Lily would later
remember standing in front of the human skeleton recovered from fossils
and being amazed at how much shorter she was now. The exhibit also
displayed some technology of the time - apparently recovered from
various known ruin sites. Lily also decided she would visit those sites
someday.

The museum also showed plenty of the history of Inklings and other
prominent species in the city, and she read everything that she could,
fascinated.

It was about 4PM when they finally made their way back to the grate that
would take them back to the Tentakeel Hideout. "Look, seriously, thanks
for showing me around," Lily said. "It's scary being a fish out of water
here, but I feel like I'm gonna be at least mostly okay if I end up
living here. Thanks. It means a whole lot, what you did today."

Agent 4 blushed. "It's been an honor to introduce someone new to my
world, and a real human at that. I um... I hope that you stick around.
You seem pretty cool."

They both slipped through the drain and made their way back.