---
title: 'New You'
date: '03-12-2018 00:00'
visible: false
aura:
    pagetype: website
metadata:
    'og:url': 'http://site.neurario.com/writing/begin-again/part-1/7-new-you'
    'og:type': website
    'og:title': 'New You | Neurario Dot Com'
    'og:author': 'Neurario Dot Com'
    'twitter:card': summary_large_image
    'twitter:title': 'New You | Neurario Dot Com'
    'twitter:site': '@splatsune'
    'twitter:creator': '@splatsune'
    'article:published_time': '2018-12-03T00:00:00+00:00'
    'article:modified_time': '2020-11-16T22:39:07+00:00'
    'article:author': 'Neurario Dot Com'
---

>While Sheldon and Marie leave to assist Agent Four, Lily engages in some light reading.

===

Most of the rest of that day was spent back at Agent 4's apartment,
making mashups and looking through what was on television. Lily had
found that there was indeed a 'sports' channel, and while trying to make
a Madeon song work with a song she had found through her squid phone's
internet, she'd glance over at the TV screen at the replay of some
earlier match, or talk show, or league game.

From this, she learned a few things. For one, Turf War was not the only
sanctioned sport enjoyed with ink-based weaponry. Though the most
common, there were more competitive sports that enjoyed more coverage,
at least on the channel she was watching.

The other thing she learned is that this squid song really worked with
the Madeon beat. She saved the sketch and made a note to herself to work
on it more some other time.

Lily took the afternoon to walk through the city. She used her phone to
plot out a path past one of the nearby buildings that supposedly held
another human artifact on her way back to the Square.

The rest of the city felt very different to her, and as she walked
through the busy streets, surrounded by all types of vehicles and
sapient marine life, she felt like an intruder in an alien world, moreso
than usual.

Her nerves stayed with her until she reached her first stop. She looked
up at the building the mockup Sheldon had given her had directed her to:
the New Albacore Hotel.

*Whoa*, she thought to herself. *Wasn't expecting it to be THAT tall.
Well, I guess it can't hurt to at least take a look...*

She stepped inside, carrying her backpack, strode past the lobby, and
into an elevator on the other side. Lily closed the doors and, left to
herself for a moment, set her backpack down, and pulled out the Tracker.

Lily swept the tracker slowly from ground to sky. As Sheldon had
predicted, it started to click when it pointed upward. *Damn. Alright.*
The tracker went back in the backpack, and she pressed the button for
the topmost floor.

As the elevator whizzed upwards, she had a moment to think. She was
pretty sure she noticed some scaffolding outside, perhaps if there
really was no roof access she could try to climb up that. Hopefully not
though...

The lift slowed to a halt, and the doors opened onto a red carpeted
corridor. Agent 5 stepped out to take a look through the corridors. Up
here seemed to be some of the bigger suites, with all sorts of fancy
names, like the Pacific Suite, or the Marianas Suite.

*Wait, huh?* Lily did a double-take when seeing that one. *Huh. I mean,
it makes sense, considering the naming scheme of this world, but...*

She spent ten minutes walking around the floor, but indeed couldn't find
any civilian roof access. There *was* a maintenance elevator that looked
like it would go all the way to the roof, but it was locked behind a
keycard system, and the main entry point seemed to be a floor below.

*Okay, so when I come back here, I gotta either find a keycard, go up
the scaffolding, or maybe... find a way up the side? Surely there's some
way to get up there. But I have an idea of the place now... I better get
moving just in case someone decides I look suspicious.*

Lily returned to the elevator, went to the ground floor, and continued
walking her way to the Square.

She would make it about an hour of walking later, slipping her way
through the fence of the other side of the construction site that
separated her from the Square, and crossing carefully and quietly. Using
her squid form to slip back through on the other side, in the corner of
the Square, she breathed a sigh of relief, and looked back past the site
at the city. Smiling, she walked over to a railing near the Shoal, some
arcade, leaning on it as she looked through the squid phone's app store
for something to try.

Sheldon's call came in as the orange glow of the sunset began to fade
into a deep blue night. It was a very quick message, but from what Lily
could make out, something was happening, possibly "it", the big thing
they'd been working towards, and both Sheldon and Marie were departing
to assist Agent 4, and could Lily please watch over the Hideout.

"Of course," she'd said. Not that she had any other obligations.

So she found herself on an empty Tentakeel Hideout, at night, carrying
her Splattershot Jr in both hands, ink tank strapped to her back. Octo
Valley wasn't entirely silent tonight - strangely enough, there was the
sound of some very muffled music far below her, just loud enough for the
bass to be audible. Lily wondered to herself just what was going on down
there...

Sheldon had left her some reading material, too - there was a short note
on the bench outside of Cuttlefish Cabin, atop a couple of pages of
documents. She'd had her attention drawn to them when she'd arrived, but
she had decided to wait until she was at least sure that she was the
only squid around.

After completing her second pass around the platform, she decided that
she was not in any immediate threat and, radio nearby, sat by the Cabin
bench and picked up the small note from Sheldon.

> *Agent 5,*
>
> *Received preliminary results back from DNA testing earlier today.
> I've left you a copy of what I received, with some annotations
> (laysquid explanations) where necessary. Top page is my summary.
> Please read when you can.*
>
> *Sheldon*

*Oh, right...* Lily thought to herself.

With everything that had happened, she had almost completely forgotten
about why she'd become an Inkling in the first place. She looked down at
the papers next to her. The top sheet was covered in the same
handwriting, and glancing at the page underneath revealed printed text.
*Man, should I really look at this now...?* She looked around, almost
hoping for some distraction.

The radio crackled to life at that moment.

"Alright, I'm here Four. Nice work. Hold tight a moment..."

A few seconds silence...

"Holy carp! Did you mean to knock those right off?!"

"Heck yeah, Four! Keep at it, we'll win her back..."

Lily's hand reached for the transmit button, but she stopped herself.
*No, maybe not while they're working... I'm gonna have to just face the
facts here.* Her fingers instead twiddled the volume on the radio,
turning the voices of Marie and Agent 4 down to a whisper. With a heavy
sigh, she picked up the papers and read.

About a week ago now, she had fallen into their world, landed in an ink
puddle, and been changed from her old human self into an Inkling like
many of the inhabitants of the city. She had had a DNA sample taken from
her arm, the hope being that she would one day find out why this had
happened.

According to the documentation Sheldon had provided, when the sample was
handed over, there were supposedly still some "unknown cells" (human
DNA, she guessed), which were being eaten away and converted by the
Inkling ink that had been absorbed into her body. Not being native to
this environment, and indeed not having existed for however long, where
most marine species would have at most a mild or irritating reaction to
the ink, her human body had experienced a violent reaction as the ink
completely seeped into her and, she guessed, somehow, completely rewrote
her genetic code, causing her transformation.

That was what seemed to be implied, anyway. In reality, whichever
genetic scientist, not named in the summary, saw the Inkling DNA eating
away and converting the few unknown DNA cells they had been presented
with, managed to isolate a few remaining, untouched cells, and was still
working to identify what it belonged to. Sheldon had stated on the page
that he could not (and would not) tell where the sample had come from,
and that her true identity was safe. But, that said...

Whereas some time before, she might still have been partly human,
besides the memories in her head, by now she was entirely Inkling.

Lily set the paper down and stared forward at the lone tree gently
swaying in the wind.

*....Man. I mean, I always kinda figured I was nowhere near human
anymore. It feels... so heavy to have it be more or less confirmed.*

She got up. Walked the perimeter again, Splattershot Jr hanging loosely
in her hand. *I shouldn't feel so bad about this. Why do I feel so bad
about this?*

This was her routine for the next couple hours. She tried to distract
herself and deflect her emotions by focusing on her task, and ended up
stewing in them instead.

It was about 9PM when she gave up patrolling until she fixed herself up,
curled up on the bench of Cuttlefish Cabin, in the dim lights of the
Hideout and accidentally fell asleep while attempting to calm herself.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

As soon as she felt conscious she looked around, confused.

She had come to, in the middle of a forest path. It felt familiar, but
she didn't quite understand why. She got to her feet and looked around.
The path was asphalt, winding its way through the forest but off the
path, the ground was covered in leaves and pine needles. To one side of
the path, a small creek ran alongside it, the earth eroded around it
from grander times, but now a small stream surrounded by reeds and tall
grass.

She remembered the river and the path, but not the infinite forest that
otherwise stretched around her. She found herself heading off, the river
to her left.

A clap of thunder interrupted her thoughts. Looking up, she saw,
partially hidden by the canopy, strange swirling clouds above her.
*Wait*, she wondered to herself. *Did I get here from whatever that
thing is?*

Somehow she just knew that above her, was some sort of giant portal. How
did she know this? This all felt rather weird and surreal. She continued
on, pulling out her Splattershot and treading forth carefully.

After a few minutes of walking, and calming enough to find the
experience of walking through the forest relaxing, she came to a fork in
the path. The left path, following closer to the river, went up a gentle
rise in the terrain, while the right was more covered by the trees and
went around the rise.

Without thinking, she pulled her radio from her belt and spoke into it.
"I've come to a fork in the path. What's the way out?"

Marie's voice came through immediately on the other end. "They both lead
the same way. Don't use your ink."

"What? Where am I?"

"You tell me, human."

Lily looked around, confused. What was going on here? Hang on, was it
just her or was Marie speaking perfect English? "Uhh... I don't know
yet."

There was no reply from Marie.

Instead, a new voice spoke through the radio. "Unit 1 to Base. Are you
catching any of this?"

Another new voice. "Affirmative, Unit 1. We count two entities of
unknown origin, unknown language. Radar shows one new target under the
vortex. You are cleared to engage the alien."

What?! Alien?! "Marie, what's going on? I think someone's coming to kill
me." Lily spoke frantically into the radio.

But Marie, again, didn't reply. The second unknown voice came back.
"Please identify yourself in English."

Wasn't she speaking English right now? "Please, I'm just a civilian. I
don't know where I am. I mean no harm."

"I repeat, please identify yourself in English."

...Somehow, while she could understand them, she could not communicate
with them. She replaced the radio.

She decided the best option was to stay among the trees. Whoever was
coming for her would hopefully have a harder time getting a clear shot
at her. Gripping the Splattershot tightly, and pulling the Splat Bombs
from her pack to add them to her holster, she strayed from the path,
making note of where she'd left off, and headed into the forest that
stretched off into infinity.

It was not long before she found herself completely lost, surrounded by
pine trees and oak leaves. She treaded carefully, looking all around her
for some hopeful escape plan, but none came.

Wandering through the trees, Lily came across a grand oak tree. Its many
branches looked majestic as they reached outwards toward the sky. She
stared up at it, admiring the beauty of the forest at that moment.

It was then that she started to hear movement. Something, or some
things, approaching, their feet loudly stamping the leafy ground
somewhere behind her. She rushed for the tree and climbed up, getting up
as high as she could until she felt obscured by the leaves and branches,
at least fifteen meters up. Then she waited, not daring to move or even
breathe, one hand holding onto the branch to stay steady, the other
holding the Splattershot as it hung loosely by her side.

Not too long after, five people rocked up, dressed in all black,
military-looking gear, and carrying some sort of assault rifle. *Wait -
these guys are human*, Lily thought as she silently watched them fan out
around the tree. *Then that means...*

She thought back to the path she had travelled on not too long ago. Now
she remembered - One of the towns she used to live in had a path like
that behind her house which she would walk along to get to the local
lagoon. But something was not right - there wasn't much of a forest
there, just sort of a strip of mostly-untouched nature between houses
and paddocks.

"Freeze!"

*Huh? Oh, shit.*

Looking down, taking her finger off the Splattershot, she realised that
she had been found. One of the men was looking right at her, weapon
pointed right at her.

"Sweet Jesus, what the fuck are you?" said another of the men as he also
whipped around to face her. The other soldiers were manoeuvring into
position around the tree, covering every angle of any possible escape.

"Lay down your weapons and come down. Slowly." The first soldier was
more measured.

"Uhh, okay..." Lily said, knowing they wouldn't understand her anyway.

Carefully, slowly, she placed the Splattershot down on the branch,
trying to make sure it would not fall away from her.

She tried to do the same with the Splat Bombs, but in the process of
placing it down, it did not hold, and it toppled and fell from the
branch.

As she tried to grab it, one of the men opened fire.

And that's when things started to go to hell.

The burst of gunfire missed her just fine.

However, two very unfortunate bullets hit the ink tank on her back, and
the falling Splat Bomb.

The Ink Tank shattered, and its contents burst out in a wide radius
around her.

The Splat Bomb detonated instantly, as the bullet struck it.

This sent ink everywhere.

The surprise gunfire caused her to lose her balance, and she hugged the
tree tightly to avoid falling. "No!" Lily yelled, trying to reach out
for the now-detonated Bomb.

Lily's ink splattered the tree, coating whatever it touched in the light
blue substance. It covered the ground around the tree as well.

The ink also landed on the men.

The five soldiers writhed and screamed as they were covered in the
stuff, and Lily's eyes bulged wide. "Oh no no no no no..."

The changes began almost immediately, appendages sprouting from their
heads, sending their helmets flying. Their screaming and flailing almost
gave her the impression that they were burning up as the changes
happened.

One of the men, partway in the middle of their transformation, their
body looking freaky, half-humanoid, half-Inkling, their head bloated,
managed to choke out a command: "Open Fire!"

Lily started to scramble down the tree, certain one of them would before
too long.

But they were quicker. A fourth person, in the midst of their pain,
gripped their weapon long enough to unleash another burst in Lily's
direction.

These shots met their mark. Two bullets ripped into Lily's shoulder and
chest, throwing her backwards off the tree.

*This was it,* she knew. *She was gon--*

She hit the ground almost immediately, and her eyes snapped open. *Wait,
what just...*

It took a moment for her to remember where she was, and realised what
had just happened.

*Ugggghh... Thanks, brain,* she chided at herself. *Just what I
needed...*

She sat up. She'd apparently rolled off the bench, back at the
Cuttlefish Cabin, and the very short drop from it to the ground had
jolted her. Rubbing her head, she checked the time on her phone. She'd
been out for about three hours.

*Man...*

She got up, and gripped the Splattershot Jr in her hands again, rather
tightly. "Well it definitely wasn't *that* bad," she said aloud, to the
empty platform, as she looked over at the notes that were slightly
scattered on the ground. *When it happened to me...*

She reached over, tidying the notes and replacing them on the bench,
then took her radio. Turning up the volume to around where it was
before, she noticed it had gone quiet.

*Actually, come to think about it, the Valley itself had gone rather
quiet, hadn't it?* There was no more music playing from down below. She
decided to call in and make sure everyone was OK.

...Buuuuut she'd better make sure that she did another round around the
Hideout first. Make sure she hadn't missed anything else.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

"You seated back there, Agent 4?" Sheldon called from the driver's seat.
Marie and Callie, her cousin, were putting on their seatbelts in the
seats next to him.

"Yep!" Four called back from a bench in the trailer of Sheldon's
hover-truck.

"Everything secured?"

"Don't worry," said Marie, loud enough so Four could hear her as well.
"We made sure to chain him down before I got back in."

"Yeah, it's pretty cramped in here anyway, but he's not going anywhere."
Four had her Hero Shot pointed right at the unconscious form of DJ
Octavio, encased in Marie's snowglobe prison. The giant eyes of the
Great Zapfish stared at her, but it didn't really seem to know what was
going on. *That was probably a good thing*, Four thought to herself.
Around and under Agent 4's seat was the scaffolding and equipment for
the makeshift stage Marie had brought along.

"Are you sure you can fly this thing with all of us on board?" Marie
glanced over at the horseshoe crab, raising an eyebrow.

"Please," Sheldon rolled his eyes as he keyed the engine and the truck
roared to life. "I carry a full cargo of weapons across to Grizzco and
beyond every other month. We'll be fine."

Gently, the truck lifted from the ground and stage of the Grand Octopia
Ampitheater, and took off into the sky.

Sheldon's, Marie's, and Four's radios all went off at the same time.
"Five, reporting in. What's your status?"

"Go on, Sheldon," Marie said, glancing over at her cousin, who was still
quiet and keeping to herself. She wondered what was going on in her
head...

Sheldon keyed the mic as he steered the tree out into the open air of
the Octo Valley. "Hey there, Agent 5. The mission's a success.
Everybody's safe, just tired. How's everything on the home front?"

"You didn't miss anything, really. Just... nightmares about home, if I
had to be honest. But nothing's been disturbed, and none of the point
sensors have gone off. I could hear the music from up here, honestly."

"I'd believe that," chimed in Four. "Octavio does his music way too
high. My ears are still ringing."

"Who?" called in Lily.

But her question was lost. "So I'm guessing you saw what I left you,
then?" Sheldon asked, piloting the vehicle past the towering tentacle
pillars.

"I read your summary between patrols," Lily said with a sigh. "Didn't
have much else to think about so..."

"One sec, Five," Agent 4 said suddenly, their speaking voice suddenly
going more serious and professional. "He's coming to."

"Wait, already?" Marie called from the front seat. "That was fast."
Keying her radio, she said, "We've got this from here, Five. Go on and
head home. We'll chat over coffee soon. I'll send Four the details."

"Alright..." said Five with some uncertainty. "If you say so. Four, your
card'll be hidden under the welcome mat."

"Good to know," said Four with some relief. "It'll be good to be back in
my own bed after all this."

"You guys take care. Five out."

The radio went quiet.

The hover-truck continued its ascent into the night sky.