---
title: 'Metal Bork'
date: '23-03-2019 00:00'
aura:
    pagetype: website
metadata:
    'og:url': 'http://site.neurario.com/begin-again/part-2/7-metal-bork'
    'og:type': website
    'og:title': 'Metal Bork | Neurario Dot Com'
    'og:author': 'Neurario Dot Com'
    'twitter:card': summary_large_image
    'twitter:title': 'Metal Bork | Neurario Dot Com'
    'twitter:site': '@splatsune'
    'twitter:creator': '@splatsune'
    'article:published_time': '2019-03-23T00:00:00+00:00'
    'article:modified_time': '2020-11-17T00:08:27+00:00'
    'article:author': 'Neurario Dot Com'
---

>Agents 1 and 4's training plan for Lily has her facing more than just an old foe... friend? of the Squidbeaks.

===

The sun was still low over the horizon as Lily and Lorne arrived in Octo
Canyon, ready to begin their training. The air was cool was it brushed
through the Hideout, and Lily shivered. She couldn't wait to get into
that hoodie, and she set her backpack down, kneeling before it to
retrieve the gear.

Lorne chuckled. "Hey, this'll be the first time you put the gear on,
right? I'm excited for you!" With a grin, she rested a hand on Lily's
shoulder as she carefully removed the headset, hoodie, boots and Hero
Shot, staring at them in awe.

The gear was a gift from Callie. She had argued to her (in private) that
Marie should have granted them to her at the beginning, but, hey, better
late than never, right?

As she set the clothing down on the bench and begin to remove her
civilian gear, Lorne started to move ahead of her. "Hey, where are you
headed?" Lily called after her as she sat down next to the pile of gear
and began untying her shoes.

"Prepping your training! Get the headset on - I'll ping you to go to
Beaker's in a bit!" Agent 4 descended the ramp past the stone archway
and was gone.

Lily watched her leave, then put her head down and quietly thought.

*Twelve thousand years.*

*Twelve thousand years humans had been extinct.*

*Twelve thousand years, at least, that I've been gone.*

It wasn't like she didn't know she was the last human - she had assumed
that as soon as she'd stepped into Inkopolis for the first time. But it
was the number that put things in perspective.

Twelve thousand years.

If it was something like three *million* years, it just wouldn't have
the same impact. But most recorded human history had happened within a
three thousand year period. These creatures had had plenty of time since
human extinction to evolve themselves and their culture.

*Maybe,* she thought to herself, *this is why it's important I grab this
stuff.*

*It's not just about making sure it doesn't fall into the wrong hands
anymore.*

*This stuff needs to be preserved. My* knowledge *needs to be
preserved.*

She sighed, and pulled the Hero Headset from the neat pile of gear next
to her. She examined it, watching the patterns of the pulsing earpieces,
but thinking of home. Thinking of the friends she missed. Thinking of
her previous life, almost a distant memory.

Lyrics from an old song formed in her mind. Without thinking, 'knowing'
she was alone, she let the words come out:

| \"*I could never find the right way to tell you*
| *Have you noticed I've been gone?*
| *Because I left behind the home that you made me*
| *But I will carry i---\"*

"Oy. Human. You right over there?"

Lily's eyes snapped up, glancing around frantically for the source of
the voice. She pulled on the headset and grabbed the Hero Shot from the
pile of gear and stood.

The voice had come from just to the left of her, in the formerly-empty
space *behind* the grate back to the Square.

A mass of tentacles sat beneath a bulbous head with bulging eyes, making
their owner look perpetually angry, even as they eyed her. Atop the
creature's head was a very ornate, almost ceremonial headwear.

This creature sat in an octopus-sized snowglobe, taller than she was.

The two watched each other in silence. As Lily watched, Octavio shifted,
'sat up' in his globe, taking interest.

Lily slowly, cautiously approached the globe, weapon up. From inside the
globe, he didn't seem to be able to touch her, despite its condition.
"I'm *fine*. And just what makes you think I'm human? They're extinct.
Or did you not get the memo?"

The octopus thing scoffed. Lily noticed she couldn't see the thing's
mouth behind its 'moustache'. "Fine. '*Formerly* human'. You match the
description my scouts gave. 'Long hair, smaller frame, clueless'...
About the only thing you're missing is 'buck naked'... unless you want
to fix that for me?" Lily could just *feel* the guy's smirk.

"Fuck off." Lily turned and headed back to the bench to pull on the
hoodie over her shirt. "I'm not having any of it right now."

She kicked off her Cream Basics, pulling the Hero Boots on carefully and
ignoring the octopus in the globe as it watched her. The boots seemed...
a bit much. Lily wasn't sure what to make of it. There was more shoe
here than seemed necessary, *or* fashionable! Maybe the extra stuff was
armor?

She made sure that the boots fit her carefully, then placed them neatly
in her backpack. As she did, something clicked in her head about what
the creature had said to her.

If these 'scouts' had said she was nude, then they had to have been the
same ones that had attacked her at the Hideout when she was but a
newly-turned, clueless Inkling.

And if *that* was the case, Callie had said at Agent 4's debriefing that
they had been sent by...

Lily turned around, geared up, looking the part of an Agent. "So.
*You're* the Octavio I've been hearing about. Been having fun in
there?".

The octopus rolled his eyes at her. "Clearly. All alone, trapped in this
confined space for days on end? I'm having the time of my *life* here.
I'd have at least expected your *friend* to come and gloat. You both
look quite alike, you know."

"We've been busy." Lily watched him carefully, noticing out of the
corner of her eyes that her tentacles had shifted from its usual blue
and had taken on an olive-ish tinge. *Huh, I didn't realise it would do
that... I guess it masks my identity a bit...* "Nothing you should worry
about."

"You can't get home, can you, human?" Octavio tutted, trying to contort
his features into faking something approximating 'worried concern' and
failing. "If only you had just let my scouts bring you to me, you'd be
*much* happier. You wouldn't need to pretend to be someone else. Our
scientists would be much closer to solving your conundrum."

"Who says I want to go back? Who says I am trying to be someone else?"
Lily frowned, and checked the headset to make sure it was still on.

"I mean, *really*, who would *willingly* want to hide behind the facade
of an Inkling of all things?"

"You say that like I have a choice in the matter."

"So you don't deny you're human?" Octavio's smirk had returned and taken
on a smug quality.

Lily sighed. She knew he knew. "*Formerly*, to use your words. That was
my previous life."

"I'm just saying, you could be *more* than you are, even now. I can tell
you have so much untapped *power* within you. I could help you realise
that potential, human." Octavio still had that sort of 'smirk' vibe
about him, but his tone had become more serious.

"Funny. Thinking I have any sort of potential."

"So the confidence could use a touch-up too. *Trust me*," the octopus
said to her, easing himself against the glass, eyes focused right on
her. "Free me from this prison, and I will show you your true potential.
I will guide you, and you will be a force to be reckoned with."

"Sorry, I never let out on the first date." She chuckled at her own dumb
play on words, as a series of beeps played on the headset. "One sec,"
she said to Octavio as she keyed the mic button. "This is Agent 5, come
in."

"Oh, don't be so formal!" Lorne's voice came in over the headset. "It's
just you and me out here."

"And an octopus you never told me about," Lily added, eyeing him.

"Wha--- Oh! Did I not--- Gah, sorry, Lily... Yeah, that's DJ Octavio,
we've been holding him since Callie and the Great Zapfish were rescued.
I hope he's not been giving you too much grief..."

"Eh... He's trying to convince me to break him out. Keyword 'trying'."

"Heh, right... Well, anyway, your training is all setup here. Just had
to calm your training partner, since Callie isn't here yet."

"Eh? Training partner?"

"Just get over here and I'll show you! Remember, Beaker's Depot, and
then head for the boss kettle."

"Wait--- Your idea of training is putting me up against a---?!" She cut
herself off, realising she probably shouldn't divulge too much to the
guy just in front of her. "Are you crazy?"

"Don't worry, he won't be too rough on you. He agreed to that."

"I'm not convinced..."

"C'moooon. There's a kiss in it for you if you meet me there..."

Lily sighed. "Damn you... I'm on my way."

"Good girl. See you shortly." With a click, the voice of Agent 4 was
gone.

Lily sighed, and laughed softly to herself. *Oh, how things are changing
quickly between us..* "Looks like I'm headed out," she said to Octavio.
"I'll be seeing you around, 'DJ' Octavio."

"You'd better," Octavio grumbled, pretending to be upset. "It's so
*boring* without company."

"Noted." She turned, and started to make her way toward the archway.
Without looking, she waved at him with her free hand. "See you soon."

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The kettle was in sight almost as soon as Lily had arrived.

First though, Lily had to cross Beaker's Depot. And unlike the Hideout
and Lookout before it, the Depot was *not* one cohesive platform. It was
a series of separated platforms of different shapes and lengths, and it
was not immediately certain just how one would get from place to place.

A glowing bulb fixed onto the edge of the platform just ahead of her
caught her attention. Curiously, Lily leaned down and tapped it. Nothing
seemed to happen at first, but when she tried firing at it with her new
Hero Shot, the bulb lit up completely and a... line of wire and ink?
emerged from it, curving and twisting around a smaller platform.

She realised she would have to use this rail to get across, and sighed
deeply.

Agent 5 stepped up to the edge carefully, biting her lip as she couldn't
help but look past the inkrail at the potential drop if she couldn't
hold her balance.

Looking just ahead, she noticed that the next platform was not too far
away. She wasn't too sure if she could hold her balance around those
turns, so perhaps a leap from the straight part of the rail would get
her where she needed to go? Sure, it was still *a little bit* of a
drop... She'd not have to worry about leaning into the turns...

"A...alright. Here goes..." She stepped up to the railing. Ink seemed to
be propelled forward throughout the rail, so she supposed as long as she
kept her balance, she wouldn't have to worry about her own momentum.

She took a deep breath, stepped up onto the bulb projecting the ink...
and then did a tiny hop, and landed with both boots on the railing.

Agent 5 was immediately propelled forward under the power of the ink,
and she nearly toppled over just from the unexpected force. She stuck
her arms out to keep steady, but already the turn (and the point at
which she'd have to leap off) was coming up fast.

She leapt from the rail just as it began to turn and fell toward the
main platform, frightened and screaming, arms and legs wheeling about in
the air.

She crashed onto the ground inelegantly, but who cared? She'd made it.
She let herself lay there for a moment, then got onto her feet, and
spent a moment to calm herself.

On the other side of the platform, she saw two more gaps between her and
her destination.

This time, instead of a railing, a hovering bulb led the way. Once
again, Five shot at it carefully, but this time, as the ink connected
with the bulb, she found herself pulled toward it, and panicked. But as
quickly as she had been pulled, the Grapplink had dropped her neatly
beneath it, on the next platform, where Lily could already see another
rail bulb.

The next obstacle she faced was the last, but was also the meanest. A
*long* rail sped around and around the next platform, which Lily could
see held the big kettle that the Hideout and Lookout had had.

Lily say for a while, thinking about how she could possibly get to that
Kettle.

A part of her mind chimed in, *see those two Grapplinks above the kettle
platform?*

She looked up. Indeed, there they were. One on the side to her left, and
one on the right.

"Oh, hell..." Lily's face dropped. She was going to have to get on the
rail, and fire at the Grapplink *from* the rail.

She took a few deep breaths and looked over the rail's path. The path
acted like a rounded square, plenty of straight sections that curved
around the platform. It also raised slightly, so that it could make
another pass around the Boss kettle platform, before finally breaking
away and returning to another part of the main platform.

*OK, so, if I can at least keep my balance, if I can't get a shot on the
grapple thing, I'll at least be put back on solid ground...*

Lily stepped up to the beginning of the rail, nervous... Well, she
wasn't going to even get to the training unless she tried. Surely Lorne
knew this was simple, right...? She wouldn't put her through this if she
didn't know Lily could get there?

Lily stepped onto the rail, and was immediately whisked along.

Once again she immediately focused on balancing herself, letting herself
center herself on the gentle slope that led into the main portion of the
rail. *Just don't look down,* she reminded herself.

She had made it to the first straight. Lily made sure her weapon was
ready, but kept her focus on staying upright as she slid along the
rails. The first Grapplink passed by her. *That's okay, I'll come back
to it...*

The first turn nearly through her off completely, and she had to force
herself to lean into the turn, briefly tipping herself forward into
empty space as she hit the apex of the turn, and tipped back as she
exited the turn. She frantically stabilised herself, glad she had at
least made the first turn. She'd just have to do that a couple more
times if she missed her shots...

She was already coming up to the next turn, and a shot at the next
Grapplink. Briefly, before the turn, she tried to get her hands in front
of her, holding her Hero Shot out. Leaning back slightly, it seemed like
it might work...

But she leaned forward again as she was thrown into the next turn, and
came back up ready.

Keeping as steady as she could, she aimed her Hero Shot up high, and
fired a spray of ink above her, hoping that any of it would hit the
Grapplink.

The first few shots didn't, and the force and pushback from the weapon
was not something she had accounted for.

She began to tip backwards.

Thankfully, though, one shot of ink did make its mark, and with a flash,
Lily was pulled forward, from the railing.

Lily dropped onto solid ground, and she collapsed onto her knees,
shaking.

She'd made it.

She crawled slowly up to the boss kettle's grate, looking inside. No way
to see what awaited her.

With a sigh, and a hope that Lorne and whoever was her training partner
would go easy on her, she transformed and let herself fall inside.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Hey, you made it!" Lorne called from the center of the arena as she
arrived. "Holster your weapons and come on over, Five!"

She was standing with an absolutely massive... sentient box, as far as
Lily could tell. Its comical face was contorted in a kind of worry as
Lily had arrived.

Four grinned and waved at Lily after she had super-jumped into the
arena. As Lily walked up to it cautiously, she nonchalantly noted,
"Five, Octostomp here will be your training buddy."

"W-what?!" Lily looked positively mortified. She stared up at the giant
face of 'Octostomp' and bit her lip. She had a fairly good idea of why
it might have been called that... "How'd you organise this?!"

"Well, I couldn't have done it without Callie, actually. She came up
with the idea. Turns out these guys still really like her. Now, don't
worry. He's gonna play as nice as he can! Callie and I have made sure of
it."

"...Are you kidding?"

"Trust me, Lily. Basically, when you're ready, he'll rush at you and try
to squish you. Oh, don't fret!" She noticed the look on Lily's face at
the word 'squish'. \"He won't *actually*. I wouldn't let him. That's why
there's a bit less panelling on his front than normal. Anyway, if you
can get out of the way, that's when you can climb his sides and get on
top!

"Now, if you were against someone who \*really\* wanted to do you in,
each of the creatures in these boss kettles are controlled by a main
tentacle. You'd bust that a few times, and they'd go down. For your
training, *instead* since Stompy's in on this and we're gonna play nice
with him too, I want you to... hmm. Oh, I know! When you get up there,
give the tentacle a big ol' hug!"

"Is... is he down for that?" Lily glanced up at the big guy's face, and
he seemed to be smiling widely. "I think he might be?"

"Yeah he's down!" Lorne chuckled. "In fact, why don't you hug him right
now? You've climbed walls with your ink before, right? Just climb up on
his back!"

"Eh...?"

"Stand back, Five." Lorne backed away, standing clear of Octostomp, and
Lily did the same, her eyes flicking back and forth between the giant
octo machine and her fellow Agent.

Once the girls were a safe distance, Agent 4 called over, "Alright,
Stompy! I hope you trust us! Lily's gonna come up and give you a hug,
alright?"

Octostomp watched her carefully, and his eyes examined the ground in
front of him.

Then he closed his eyes, and after a few long seconds, his massive body
began to tip forward.

The noise he made when his metal front panelling slammed against the
concrete platform was immense close-up. Lily cursed loudly and jumped
back further, not expecting it.

"Alright, Lily!" Four called. "I mean, Five! Oh, whatever. Ink up the
side of him and get on his back and go give him that hug!"

Lily nodded nervously. She ran around to Octostomp's side, seeing all
his panelling was intact, and carefully used her Hero Shot to create a
path straight up his side. She leapt into it, changing as she did, and
swam up through it in her squid form, quickly arriving atop his back.

Lily stepped carefully, wondering if the creature knew she was up here,
wondering if he could feel her. She quickly saw the tentacle that Lorne
had mentioned - it was the only feature on his otherwise featureless
back. It was large, its suction cups along its outside. It wriggled
slowly, knowing it was defenseless. *Wow, he must really trust those two
a lot to even let me do this...*

She slowly approached the tentacle, slightly in awe of its size.

And carefully, slowly, she placed her hand upon it.

She felt it freeze and tense up. She gave it a few seconds to adjust to
her presence, waiting to see if it would try to do anything to her.

But it didn't. Feeling a little safer, she rubbed her hand along the
tentacle, the texture new and strange to her. After a few seconds, she'd
finally worked up the courage and leaned in, hugging herself against the
tentacle, wrapping her arms around it and squeezing gently. "'Salright,
big guy. I won't hurt you," she said quietly. Then she called out to
Four, "I'm OK! I made it!"

"Good going, Five!" Lorne shouted back happily, and as Lily let go to
descend, she felt a rumble beneath her as Octostomp prepared to get back
up.

She wasn't quite prepared for how *nimble* he'd be though. As soon as
she'd jumped down from his chassis, the Octo boss almost bounced up into
the air, landing gracefully on his small two legs. He'd left a imprint
of maroon ink on the ground, with little cutouts for his face and the
cutouts in his front panelling.

"Tell you what," Lily said with a smile to the two of them. "Hugging
something that big felt pretty good. Glad I got that out of my system."

"You did good." Lorne smiled at her. "But now the training begins. So,
here's what you'll do - he'll be trying to rush you, as we mentioned
before. Evade those as best as you can for a while and then, if he slams
down, climb up and get the hug on 'im! And then every time you do,
he'll---"

Lorne was cut off by a loud, powerful roar from Octostomp. Under its
power, the ink that had already been laid down lifted off the various
surfaces and dissipated.

This didn't stop Lily from tensing and bracing herself, as if the beast
was about to rush and eat her alive.

"...he'll do that." Lorne chuckled, and turned to Lily. "So, when you're
ready, give us some sorta signal, and we'll get you going and watch over
you two to make sure all is well!"

"Uh... alright." With a bow toward the Octo box, Lily slowly made her
way toward one side of the arena, and Lorne watched 'Stompy' made their
way to the opposite, then super-jumped her way back to the platform that
they had entered the area on. She was safe.

Once Lily had reached the other side of the boss platform, she checked
the ink levels on her Hero Shot, and fired once, just giving herself an
area to top up and mark where she had started. Then she stood tall and,
after doing some quick stretches, held the weapon in front of her, ready
to move, watching her opponent carefully.

Four's voice came in over Lily's headset. "Alright Lily, you ready to
go?"

"I...I guess so... I'm still not sure about this."

"Don't worry, you'll learn the same way I did. At the sound of my
whistle, that's your cue to start moving, alright?"

Lily didn't get a chance to respond - because Four's whistle went off
immediately after she finished speaking, and ahead of her, the massive
Octostomp leapt into action, putting on his 'game face' and only giving
her a few seconds to prepare before he launched into a charge, grinding
the corner of his frame against the ground *right at her*.

Lily briefly froze. The arena was a decent size, but again, the *scale*
of that thing charging at her... For a moment she was simply a deer in
the headlights.

But then Lorne's voice called in her ear, "Lily, move!!" and she
unfroze, her human self-preservation kicked in, and she sprinted and
dove off to the left, two seconds before she watched Octostomp's metal
frame grind to a halt a few meters past where she was just a few moments
ago.

*...Holy shit,* her human mind told her, breathing heavily as she stared
at the spot where she would have been crushed. *I'm going to die doing
this.*

She took a deep breath. Then, lifting her Hero Shot up and getting back
on her feet, Lily began inking a path forward, around the beast. She
keyed her mic between shots. "Sorry, I froze up! Friendly or not, that
guy's fuckin' terrifying to face!"

"Just keep moving, and remember to use your ink! Remember, you move
faster swimming in it!"

"Got... got it."

Stompy was already up again and turning to see where Lily had gone. Lily
leapt for the ink trail she'd made, transforming, and swam around,
trying to keep him from getting a lock on her until she was ready.

She came up near the other side of the platform, breathing hard. She
knew she was going to have to get him to attack again. She reminded
herself, *just get out of the way when/if he charges, and then I can ink
my way up his side.* "Hey!" She shouted at her, waving. "Come at me!"

He didn't charge in quite the same way, though. He actually *ran at her*
on his short little legs til he was about half-way to her, and then,
when he was almost there, to Lily's surprise, he stopped, bend down just
a bit, then *launched up into the air.*

Lily saw quickly, despite parts in the front panelling missing, that she
was about to be crushed if she didn't get out of the way. She quickly
kept moving, launching herself into her ink and swimming as fast as she
was able.

If the noise Octostomp made when he simply tipped over was immense, the
noise and force of at least *tens of tons* of metal and Octo crashing
down almost right on top of her damn near blew her away.

Agent 5 was lifted from her ink by the rush of air, disoriented and ears
ringing. She barely heard Agent 4's voice in her ear, cheering her on.
"Great! Now get up there!"

Stumbling, she turned to face the Octo boss again, to see that this time
he couldn't get up so easily - or *wasn't* getting up easily. This *was*
supposed to be 'training', after all - maybe he was giving her a break?
Either way, she saw the path up Stompy's side was clear, and she rushed
at it, firing her weapon in a straight line up him, and flung herself
into the ink and swam up.

She clambered onto the 'top', his back, his tentacle exposed and
vulnerable. *Whew, just a bit further...*

"Remember, Five - hugs!"

Five glanced over to where Agent 4 was, off in the distance, and nodded.

Then, before Octostomp got any ideas about getting up and throwing her
off, she sprinted across his back and flung herself at the tentacle. She
caught it in a tackle-hug, wrapping her limbs around it as best she
could.

Once again, the tentacle froze. Lily, once she was catching her breath
and realising she'd 'made it', considered he probably didn't expect her
to hug him quite that roughly. She let herself just cling to it for a
moment, letting the adrenaline wear off, letting the fear of death fade.

She realised, once more of her critical thinking had returned, that she
would have respawned if she *had* been crushed or ground up. And she
would have bet that no squid (or Octo, she reminded herself) would have
had the same instinct, the same feeling that they only had one 'life'.

Agent 5 finally let go of Octostomp's tentacle and let herself fall onto
his back, taking deep breaths. Slowly, she reached for her transmit
button as she saw the tentacle curl down toward her, and gently caress
her body in ...appreciation?, causing her to tense regardless. "Agent
4... I know you and Callie mean well. And even this guy," she added as
she pet the tip of the tentacle brushing her. "But I had some strong
human self-preservation stuff kick in with all that. Making me feel like
I was gonna die and stuff..."

Agent 4 was silent for a few seconds. Then she replied, "You did well
for your first time, Lily. I'm sorry that we put you through that..."

"No, I... I mean I'm committed to this work. This training is... a good
idea. It's just gonna be a while before I can... before I can break
those human habits. Before I don't have to remind myself that I'm just
more resilient than I used to be." She sighed. "As I said... old habits
will die hard, Four. But thank you. And you, 'Stompy'," she said as she
finally got up, giving the tentacle another pat before she jumped down
from his body, letting him get back up. "I'm glad we could do this in a
controlled environment at least..."

"Yeah... same here. That's why I'm so glad Callie managed to organise
this."

"You're welcome!" A new voice called in over both their headsets. "Five,
don't worry. You know we'll all be here to support you."

"Heh... thanks, Callie. Welcome to the party. Where are you?" She looked
about the place as Stompy launched back onto his feet, and then gently
followed her over to the side of the arena where Agent 4 was Super
Jumping over to.

"Back at the Hideout! Me and Marie just got in."

"Morning, girls," Marie's voice joined the party. "You done with your
training? Sheldon tells us you had an encounter on the way in, and I'd
like to talk about that."

"Ehh, we could be for now I guess," Agent 4 responded. "Lily only got
one point in, but she seems shaken enough that it's probably a good idea
to stop it there, and maybe go again another time." Taking her finger
off the transmit, she asked Lily and Octostomp, "You guys are OK with
that, right?"

"Yeah, I'm happy with that," Lily nodded. Turning her head to the
massive box beside her, she smiled. "We mightn't have gotten to know
each other too well, but that was a good session. Thanks for not doing
me in." She patted his frame, yet again, in appreciation.

"Cool, then we'll see you up here soon, then!" Callie said cheerfully
over the radio. "One and Two, out!"

"Four out."

"Five out." Lily moved her hand away from the headset, and sighed. "And
this stuff just becomes normal eventually?"

Lorne made a sort of 'ehh' gesture with her hand. "It's not so much that
it becomes normal, but you sorta... adjust. I mean, by the time I took
on this guy myself, I was kinda used to the job. Apparently he's also
fought against Agent 3. I suppose in a way, it makes sense to have him
face you as well." She chuckled softly, and gestured back to the
platform that would contain their way out. "Well, shall we get going,
then?"

"I guess so." Lily turned to Octostomp, and bowed respectfully. "It's
been a pleasure. I hope to train against you again soon." It was mostly
a lie, Lily knew, but she wanted to be nice.

Octostomp bent his legs, and his structure tipped forward slightly as a
kind-of bow in response.

Then both girls Super Jumped toward the platform, waved at him from
there, then took the Launchpad home, speeding off toward the surface.