---
title: 'Begin Again'
date: '02-12-2018 00:00'
visible: false
aura:
    pagetype: website
    metadata:
        Chapter: '5'
metadata:
    'og:url': 'http://site.neurario.com/writing/begin-again/part-1/5-begin-again'
    'og:type': website
    'og:title': 'Begin Again | Neurario Dot Com'
    'og:author': 'Neurario Dot Com'
    'twitter:card': summary_large_image
    'twitter:title': 'Begin Again | Neurario Dot Com'
    'twitter:site': '@splatsune'
    'twitter:creator': '@splatsune'
    'article:published_time': '2018-12-02T00:00:00+00:00'
    'article:modified_time': '2020-11-16T22:25:55+00:00'
    'article:author': 'Neurario Dot Com'
    Part: '1'
    Chapter: '5'
---

>Agent 4 gets back to work and Lily uses her apartment.

===

Lily spent the next few days in the Square while she recovered. Agent 4
had committed to completing her mission, and had lent her the chip card
to her apartment while she was gone for the next day or two. Which meant
for Lily that with Marie on full-time radio duty, she was alone.

As expected, while there was cellphone signal, Lily's iPhone was
woefully outdated to handle the newer protocol. Likewise, there was no
Wi-Fi for it or the laptop to connect to, so she found herself browsing
through week-old (to her) chats and text messages, and listening to the
music stored on the phone.

Apart from some bandaging on her tentacles from where the glass from the
screens had cut into her, she looked otherwise normal, with her clothing
covering up the bruised skin from her fall. The table she'd commandeered
in a corner of the Square, by a closed off construction site, was
littered with her things: her newly found laptop closest to her,
switched on, DAW loaded; her iPhone on one side of the laptop, and the
device she lovingly referred to as her inkPhone on the other.

Lily's composition was currently empty. From the music she had on her
phone and her laptop, she couldn't find any songs that played well
together. She was into mashups - granted, she only made them for
herself, but it was something, she said to herself.

Giving up on the music for now, she closed the laptop's lid and put it
in her bag, along with the iPhone.

Though not before someone across the Square, a smaller Inkling, casually
glancing out the window from inside of a studio, noticed the
familiar-looking phone, and wondered why some weirdo-looking inkling was
holding it.

Swinging the bag onto her back, Lily grabbed her other phone and,
getting ready to move off, checked a map in her messages app. Sheldon
had sent a picture of the map on which they had worked out where all
these mystery items were meant to be. Checking it against the phone's
own map app, there seemed to be one item a few blocks away, past the
construction site she was right next to.

*Hmm, do I wanna go check it out? Or...*

*Nah*, she decided. Once her cuts and bruises healed up, perhaps. She
needed a plan, and wanted to look inconspicuous in case she had to do do
something bad.

She remembered that both of these ones in the city were on the roofs of
skyscrapers, apartment towers she figured. She had to figure that
there'd be a way up to at least the top floors, where she could
investigate, and maybe hope there was some roof access anyway. Surely
there had to be!

The alternative, she realised, was finding some way up the wall of the
building. She immediately found herself thinking back to the fall, and
shuddered. She didn't want to have to go through that again.

She drove the subject from her mind. *What I could use*, she thought to
herself, *is a nice hot bath, a soft bed, and a place to be alone.*

She decided, then, to make her way down to the underground train
station. Consulting the phone's map, she plotted in the address Agent 4
had given her, and walked across the square and down the ramp into the
station.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

As she walked past the Inkopolis News studio, following her phone's
directions, she missed the gaze of two curious girls sitting at a table
inside.

"Are you sure it was the same one?" asked the taller, darker-skinned
girl, leaning out of her chair, looking outside at the blue-tentacled
Inkling with slight curiosity.

"I swear, Marina," replied the shorter one, eyes focused. "It was
exactly the same shape, and it was white on the back. It was exactly the
one we gave to Sheldon." Lily passed around the corner, and disappeared
from view, so Pearl's eyes snapped back to her friend.

"I mean, maybe the lil guy can't work it out?"

"Apparently, because she was using it just fine!"

"Wait, really?" This got Marina's attention. Ever the techie of the two,
though she couldn't read the strange characters on the phone, she had at
least quickly recognised that the phone had been locked behind a
password of some sort. "That's exciting! I wonder what method she used
to break into it?"

"I'm pretty sure if you or Sheldon couldn't hack it, and this nobody
has, it's probably theirs." Pearl crossed her arms, unamused.

"Huh." Marina thought for a moment, leaning back into her chair.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

One ride around the City Loop, ten-minute walk, and elevator ride later,
Lily found the door to Agent 4's apartment. Using the key she'd been
given, she let herself in quietly, and looked around.

The Inkling's apartment was similar in layout to something she might
have seen back home. It reminded her of an old friend's studio flat -
the door opened into a walk-through kitchen, with most of the appliances
and bench space off to the side, so one could walk straight in to the
main living space, which consisted of a small couch, coffee table, and
TV. There was a computer desk next to the TV, and next to that was a
window, an average width but spanning from floor to ceiling, that looked
out into the city. It was not really a great view by any means - the
window only looked out across the road to some office building - but it
was one that was new to Lily.

The decor was fairly typical, and while the colors were semi-typical to
what she was used to, the color she had seen in the Square and in the
storefronts she had passed was represented in posters on the walls. Art
of musicians, commemorative concert posters and movie posters adorned
the inside wall of the apartment. She also noticed that there was a
calendar amongst the posters, but she immediately looked away. If it was
anything like the calendars her family would hang up back home, she
didn't need to know what year it was right now. She wanted that nice hot
bath, and some time to just relax.

She set her bag down next to the bed, and walked over to a door opposite
the window, between the living and bedroom areas. It led to a fairly
typical, tiled bathroom, with (thank goodness, Lily sighed internally) a
bath long enough to lay in. She walked over and got the taps running,
testing the temperature every few seconds with a finger. The liquid that
came out wasn't quite right, she noticed. A sniff test revealed the
slight scent of oil. She figured this had to be normal, so she shrugged
it off and went back briefly to grab her iPhone.

A few minutes later, Lily was submerged in the liquid, head resting on
the edge of the tub, tentacles lazily floating atop the water, bandages
removed, eyes closed, and an old cached Giant Bombcast playing from her
phone's podcast app. As the podcast hosts talked about the various games
news of the past, she found herself transported to her old life, and the
weirdness of Inkopolis faded from her mind.

*Aaahh.*

For just a few moments, she was back in her house, on the outskirts of
an Australian country town, washing up for the next day's work. [Jeff
and Ben were playing up
\#FreeScott](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bYmOV6aVImo). She could
easily imagine the low muffle of the lounge room television across the
house. She wondered, briefly, if she would ever be able to hear the next
Justice live album, and thought back to the first concert she'd ever
gone to.

Justice's first show in her state's capital city was an experience she
widely considered the highlight of her 2018. To see her idols perform
live and have a near-front row seat to it was one thing, but their
music, and the light show their team put on, was an experience she would
not forget for some time to come.

"I wonder what the concerts here are like," Lily murmured quietly to
herself.

She let herself live in that world again for a while, letting the hot
bath...liquid do its thing, and before too long, told herself, *Alright,
time to come back to reality.*

She slowly opened her eyes. The memory of her old bathroom, with its
many bottles, broken shelves, and mouldy ceiling, faded, and she found
herself looking at the clean, well-looked-after bathroom of Agent 4's
apartment.

Lily let out a sigh. She wasn't gonna miss the work, or the obligations,
or things like that, but... she did miss the way things were, kinda. It
was predictable - she liked that. She could plan her day around that. If
she had not had an objective to keep her going, and the few friends
she'd made already, she knew she'd've been much worse off by this point.

Sometime later she finally worked up the will to get out of the bath and
drain it, not too long after the Bombcast had signed off and silence
filled the room.

As she reached for a towel from the rack on the opposite wall, she saw
herself in the mirror by the basin and stopped. She hadn't really given
herself a good look over since this all began, and seeing what she had
become really made it begin to sink in. *This is who I am now*, she
thought to herself, staring at her naked reflection. *This is who I've
become.* She did briefly admire her form, doing the occasional pose and
watching the girl in the mirror do the same.

When she did manage to tear her eyes away from the stranger in the
mirror and get dressed, she tossed both of her phones onto Agent 4's bed
and pressed her hand into it, testing its softness. Compared to sleeping
on concrete or the firm mattress in the Cuttlefish Cabin, this felt like
a cloud! She leaned forward and let herself fall onto the bed, laying on
top of the comforter that was draped over it.

Lily sighed happily as she stared at the ceiling. It would be
interesting to see how she took to life here once she started making
some money. She knew exactly what she had to do - she had been reminded
of it every day she had been in Inkopolis proper. She resolved to at
least inquire about rookie matches or something to at least jump in and
not feel too bad about being new.

She began to feel drowsy. This bed was almost too soft. But she could
use a nap, after everything. She let her eyes close and listened to the
sound of the wind and the traffic outside.

Before she knew it, she'd fallen asleep. And the squid girl slept
through the afternoon, and through the evening.