---
title: 'Neu Wave Music'
date: '31-10-2020 00:00'
aura:
    pagetype: website
metadata:
    'og:url': 'http://site.neurario.com/begin-again/part/2-neu-wave-music'
    'og:type': website
    'og:title': 'Neu Wave Music | Neurario Dot Com'
    'og:author': 'Neurario Dot Com'
    'twitter:card': summary_large_image
    'twitter:title': 'Neu Wave Music | Neurario Dot Com'
    'twitter:site': '@splatsune'
    'twitter:creator': '@splatsune'
    'article:published_time': '2020-10-31T00:00:00+00:00'
    'article:modified_time': '2020-11-17T01:23:14+00:00'
    'article:author': 'Neurario Dot Com'
---

>Lily entertains the club as her new DJ persona.

===

!!! *Final Fest: T-minus three weeks.*

<audio controls>
    <source src="http://files.neurario.com/Mixes/DJ%20Neu%20Wave%20-%20Starfish%20Bar%20Set%20for%20Begin%20Again%203-2.mp3" type="audio/mpeg">
    !! This chapter is paired with a mix you can listen to, but your browser can't support loading it here. You can download it here: ["DJ Neu Wave - Starfish Bar Set for Begin Again 3-2.mp3"](http://files.neurario.com/Mixes/DJ%20Neu%20Wave%20-%20Starfish%20Bar%20Set%20for%20Begin%20Again%203-2.mp3)
</audio>

>*"It's amazing."*<br />
*"What?"*<br />
*"Yes, yes... absolutely amazing."*<br />
*"Uh... well I-I... I don't understand."*<br />
*"Yes, yes... It's amazing."*<br />
*"Ahhh...huh!"*<br />
*"Let me, ah... let me explain."*

Two people speaking, a young woman and an older man.

Specifically, two humans. From sample audio taken twelve millenia ago.

The dim maroon lights in the club began to twitch and flash in different
colors as the man's speech was distorted as if through a vinyl, but DJ
Neu Wave, the Starfish Bar's regular Friday night DJ, had not yet walked
onto the stage yet. As with a few of their recent shows, they played an
intro of some kind to set the tone, and get the crowd hyped.

Neu Wave's DJing danced between plenty of different genres, but always
had a root - she played heavily with tracks from the human era, and she
often mixed them together to create mashups. Now and then she would mix
a human-era song with a marine-era track, which tended to bring joy to
the crowd.

The lights settled back into their dim red as the sampled speech was
suddenly cut short.

And as the intro hit a lull, DJ Neu Wave - Lily - strode from a staff
door behind the stage, the regular clubgoers cheering. Neu Wave smiled
and waved at them, getting behind her console and immediately cueing up
some settings before the track started proper.

>*"How beautiful..."*<br />
*"Yes, yes... ...Absolutely amazing."*

On the 'may' of 'amazing', the LEDs and lights burst into action -
pulsing with white light while the screen behind Neu Wave finally lit up
and was showing a sort of visualizer for the music. With a cheer, the
inklings, octolings and other marine life on the dancefloor started to
move to the slow but pounding beat.

Up on stage, Neu Wave bounced to the beat. She was especially excited to
present tonight's show, having the biggest news of her career yet.

At her command, the light show slowly evolved through the first song and
into the second, changing from white wavy lights and LEDs to brilliant
color - and taking on the iconic hues of Off the Hook as their song
'Nasty Majesty' came in as a mashup over the song's breakdown, which
made the crowd light up and cheer.

And at the rear of the crowd, chilling and enjoying the show quietly at
a table, were Pearl and Marina. Wearing different clothing so as to keep
their identities secret, they had asked to attend Lily's show to see her
perform in her native environment. She'd shared her mashups with the duo
before, and they'd seen clips from her shows on social media, but now
that they would be working together... well, why not check her solo
performance out?

It was only after the second song when there was a lull in the music's
energy long enough for the DJ to greet the crowd, nine minutes in. "How
y'all doin'?! You READY FOR THIS?" She called out to the dance floor.
Many of the regulars whooped and cheered in response, and Lily's grin
widened. "Glad to see the regulars out there!"

She took a breath, pausing for a moment. "This'll be my last show for a
few weeks, I want to get that out of the way. Big reasons why, I'll get
into it later. But I know what you came here for! C'mon everyone, *MAKE
SOME NOIIIIISE!*"

The small crowd on the dancefloor roared in approval as the lights faded
from their white colors to red as the next song was a bit dark. Lily
saluted again and glanced down at her decks and her laptop again.

The club would become quite colourful with the next few mashups, in fact
becoming a series of rainbows and sparkles and, oddly, floating
hourglasses for one particular mashup.

The next lull came in the form of a slower song, with the human vocals
of a song called 'Mirror' over the top, telling a story. The crowd would
cheer as the song ended with the instrumental of 'Mirror' with the Squid
Sisters' 'Fresh Start' being sung. Though the lights flashed and danced
throughout both songs, on the screen behind the DJ booth played a simple
clip of someone walking through a peaceful forest in a sort of
first-person POV.

This Fresh Start / Mirror mashup seemed like it would be the end to her
usual set, but when the song finished and began its ending, the lights
faded down and Lily began to speak while the forest trek on screen
continued. "Hi everyone. Doing well?" She greeted cheerfully.

The crowd whooped and cheered in response.

Neu Wave beamed. "So... here we go. Real talk. I said this was my last
show for a while... I wanna explain why." She took a deep breath. "I got
a call the other day, folks. I still can't believe this, but... I ended
up speaking with Pearl and Marina from Off the Hook. We got any fans
here tonight?!"

Another roar from the crowd. The DJ did her best to avoid looking
directly at the two girls in the crowd. She knew they were there - this
was part of the announcement deal. She moved to the keyboard and began
to play a piano section based on the song that had just played

"Love it! So, y'know, we got to talking, mostly about that thing they're
doing very soon... y'know, the Final Fest?" Another cheer. "And... well,
long story short..."

She took a deep breath, and seemed both very elated and nervous. "I
am... *incredibly* excited to announce that DJ Neu Wave will be
performing, *on-stage*, with *Off the Hook*, during Final Fest!"

The crowd almost literally erupted in cheers, applause and roars of
approval. Neu Wave's 'persona' broke at the overwhelming reception, and
she blushed, looking away, clumsily finishing the piano section.
"T-thank you! Let's make this night one to remember!"

The screen behind her was finally fading to black, the break over. In
the darkness, a voice from 'Mirror' spoke:

>*"Sometimes, the inner voice is encouraging.*<br />
*Calling for you to run those final few yards.*<br />
*You're nearly there. Keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going.*<br />
*It will all be okay in the end."*

Then, like the transition into 'Mirror', 'Fresh Start' began to play, as
an instrumental. With the song it was paired to, it felt like a
triumphant beginning to the second 'half' of her set.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The rest of that set was a blur of emotion and lights and energy to
Lily. She felt more energetic after sharing the news and bounced and
danced on stage with the crowd more than a few times.

The second half of her show also included more mashups with the songs of
Inkopolis, many of course by Off the Hook and the Squid Sisters, almost
in celebration of her impending collaboration. After 'Fresh Start' came
a slew of mashups which lit up the club with different patterns and
colours - the iconic 'Calamari Inkantation', both its versions, 'Acid
Hues', 'Ebb and Flow', a combo mashup of 'City of Color' and 'Ink Me
Up', a remix of 'Color Pulse', 'Into The Light', Chirpy Chips' 'Blitz
It'...

The set fittingly culminated in a 'Now or Never' mashup which gradually
layered on vocals from each version of the song - first Off the Hook,
then the Squid Sisters, then Wet Floor, and finally the OGs, Squid
Squad. By the time all the voices were singing together in the song, so
was everyone in the club to Neu Wave's encouragement. "*Shell* yeah!
Lemme hear you! Send it home!"

As the timer on screen ticked down to the final downbeat, all the lights
faded to white and Neu Wave threw her hands out to the crowd. "Thank you
all once again! I've been DJ Neu Wave! See you at Final Fest!"

She waved to the crowd, smiling as the crowd cheered and whooped. She
took a few seconds to just stop and take in the scene.

"T-thank you, everyone," she quietly breathed.

Then, shaking her head to snap back to reality, she took a bow,
disconnected her laptop from the stage booth, and left with it to exit
into the staff area, the way she'd came.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Lily stepped out of the staff entrance of the Starfish Bar a few minutes
later, carrying a cup of hot chocolate in her hand. As soon as the door
shut behind her and the light from inside disappeared, she allowed the
persona of 'DJ Neu Wave' to slip away from her, and her bright eyes and
smile slipped away. She slumped down rather roughly on a milk crate next
to the entrance, leaning her back into the wall

In an instant, she looked as if she was totally exhausted.

And she was.

Physically, the show had taken a lot out of her. But it had taken a lot
of energy out of her emotionally and mentally too - not just the
announcements, but just actively being around so many people, being the
focus for so long.

This was her routine, though - every Friday night, she'd play her show,
then after a bit of mingling with the staff or the crowd, she'd retreat
to this backalley, away from everyone and just decompress for a while -
and allow herself to fall to pieces, or excitedly celebrate on her own,
or whatever the mood called for.

Today though, she'd really played her heart out. It was an important set
for an important occasion. She simply drank her drink, staring at the
bricks of the building across from her.

*I hope I can top that show at Final Fest*, she thought to herself.

A few minutes of drinking and staring later, Off the Hook would catch
Lily's eye as they walked up from the street. They seemed in a good
mood.

"Hey, Lil'." Pearl nodded at her as the two approached her. "Great show
tonight. I see you've gotten better at the MCing part after our chat the
other month. Proud of ya."

"That was an awesome set, Lily!" Marina smiled. "The crowd inside is
really pumped to see you perform with us, too."

"I'm glad." Lily yawned, and gave a weak smile. "I feel like I gave it
my best."

"You look it. Y'alright?" Pearl raised an eyebrow at her.

"Yeah. Just. Exhausted." Lily reached for a hot drink cup by her feet,
and took a sip. "It's part of the routine by now, y'know? I put a lot
more of my energy into those shows, that by the end of it I just need...
*some* time at the end to get a bit of energy back. I'm still
introverted, and all that."

Marina nodded. "You did well, Lily. Are you gonna be alright to get
home?"

"Psh. Yeah, I'll be fine." The inkling smiled up at them again. "I gotta
make a detour on the way, but I mean, it's a nice night out. It'll..."
An unexpected yawn caught her by surprise. "...It'll be nice just
walking through the city."

"Gotcha." Pearl smiled. "Good night for it, innit?"

"Mmm. Feels like it." Lily glanced up at the night sky. "Might help me
clear my head."

Pearl glanced toward the drowsy inkling on the milk crate. "Hey, you
comin' down for another jam session next week?"

"Hell yeah I am. This show ain't putting itself together."

"That's what I like to hear." Her smile grew into a smirk. "You look
after yourself, okay?"

"Will do, Pearl. Thanks for checking up on me." Lily smiled, and stood
to give each of them a hug.

"Of course, Lily. That's what friends do." Marina also smiled. And she
and Pearl started to move again, walking past Lily toward the street.
"See you Monday arvo, alright?"

"Sounds good, Marina. Take care, girls." Lily smiled, and shifted her
posture, leaning back in a more relaxed fashion against the brick wall
of the club, feeling more rejuvenated after the time in the cool air.

"Oh, and don't forget!" called Marina's voice, the girls having paused
about 20 meters away. "We're announcing it on the news tomorrow!"

"Got it!" Lily smiled and looked toward it, saluting them with the cup
in her hand.

She took a few more minutes to summon the rest of the night's energy,
sipping her hot drink. Then, getting up, she walked the two steps toward
the staff entrance and opened the door.

Time to get her gear. She knew that her keyboard and other portable gear
she'd brought to the show would have been minded by the staff, but she
did have to pack it all back into her backpack. She had to move on.

After all, she needed to pay a visit.