---
title: 'Age of Enlightenment'
date: '27-03-2019 00:00'
aura:
    pagetype: website
metadata:
    'og:url': 'http://site.neurario.com/begin-again/part-2/8-age-of-enlightenment'
    'og:type': website
    'og:title': 'Age of Enlightenment | Neurario Dot Com'
    'og:author': 'Neurario Dot Com'
    'twitter:card': summary_large_image
    'twitter:title': 'Age of Enlightenment | Neurario Dot Com'
    'twitter:site': '@splatsune'
    'twitter:creator': '@splatsune'
    'article:published_time': '2019-03-27T00:00:00+00:00'
    'article:modified_time': '2020-11-17T00:07:39+00:00'
    'article:author': 'Neurario Dot Com'
---

>Marina, Pearl and Agent 8 finally meet the Squidbeaks of Inkopolis to exchange information.

===

When Agents 4 and 5 returned from the Depot, fresh from training with
Octostomp, Callie and Marie were hanging about at their usual spot in
front of the Cuttlefish Cabin. Octavio's eyes snapped over to watch 4
and 5 as they turned up.

"Hey, girls!" Callie waved, grinning. "You're looking great in the Agent
gear, Lily!"

"Heh, thanks." Lily smiled and adjusted her headset, getting straight to
business.

"Girls," Marie spoke softly, a more serious expression on her face.
"Before we hear the details. Tell us. Did you hear about this 'Tartar'
guy?"

"Yes," Lily replied simply.

"Was his supposed threat real?"

Four took a deep breath. "...Yes, it was real. From what me and Five
heard, if they had been just a bit slower..." Her breath hitched,
thinking about it... "He would have wiped us all out for good."

"FINALLY!" Octavio bellowed, taking interest. Lily took another look at
him. He was still very much an octopus - he seemed to have no interest
in shifting into a humanoid form like the rest of them. Did he even have
one of those? Actually, did his eyes ever stop bulging like that?

"*Let me clarify*," Agent 4 said, raising her voice, clearly directed at
him. "That means *every single living creature* on this planet would be
dead, or *worse*. That means you, Octavio."

"And just *how* and *why* would this 'Tartar' accomplish that?" Octavio
said, unconvinced. "Y'all know it's no fun to rule when there's nobody
under you, right?"

"I've never heard that saying before in my life. We were only told the
guy nearly used a 'laser'." Lorne focused her eyes back on Callie and
Marie. "But we should get some more in-depth information soon..."

"I'm surprised you're so interested in this," Callie mused at Octavio.

"It's MY world too!" The Octo King spat. "Besides, you've all left me
here for days with nothing to do, this is the most interesting happening
that's happened around here!"

"Heh, I guess that's true," Callie found herself nodding. "We've all
been so busy with our own normal lives." She turned back to the girls.
"Alright, so, without using their names, tell us what they told you."

Lily and Lorne took turns telling Callie and Marie (and Octavio, which
Lily kept eyeing nervously, knowing that he was noticing) about what
Marina had told them about Tartar, and his 'tests', and---

Agent 4 stopped herself as she realised something important the girls
had to know. "Hang on a sec, this is important too - Agent 3 and the
Cap'n were there! Still *are* there!"

"They--- what? They were dealing with this guy, huh?" Marie mused. "Well
at least we know what they've been up to now..."

"Sure, but, but-- you've got an Agent 8 too!" Lorne blurted out. Lily
could see that she was still processing this. And having run into Eight,
she was still struggling with the idea herself.

"Uh--- Hang on, what...?" Callie stopped, confused. "Agent Eight? But we
don't even have..."

"He's an Octoling," Lily said, and Lorne and Callie both turned to look
at her in disbelief. "Eight limbs."

"WHAT?!" Octavio bellowed from behind her angrily. "Who is this
traitor?!"

"It's true," Marie nodded at the girls, realising just who 'Agent 8'
was. "He was with 'those two' when they ambushed Lily the other day. I
guess it must have been real bad if the Captain felt it was worth
joining forces with the Octolings... or at least one of them, to get out
of his situation."

Callie was starting to join the dots. "And you had said Tartar was
created by humans, didn't you? Wow... they really *did* think Lily was a
world-ending threat, Two."

"Damn." Marie paused, thinking. "Alright, let's bring them in sometime."
She removed a notepad and pen from a pocket in her yukata, and started
scribbling a note. "Five, when you go collect your phones from them, I
want you to hand them this note. We'll meet them at the Square and bring
them here, at 11PM, in two days' time."

"We'll need to move Octavio somewhere, if we don't want any nasty
shocks," Lorne pointed out.

"Ah, true. I think we can find a spot for him where he can't be found."

"Alright, is that everything then? Any questions? Objections?" Marie
looked around, but no one spoke. "Alright, let's move out. Remember:
Friday night, 11. Probably best to arrive a little early."

Lily and Lorne nodded. "Well uh, we should probably go change out of
this gear then before we go back into the Square," Lily said with a
small blush, glancing over at Lorne.

"Use the Cabin, it's fine," Callie smiled. "Take your time, we won't all
be moving out all at---"

Before Callie could finish, Lily and Lorne had gone into the Cabin
together and shut the door behind them.

She turned and raised an eyebrow at Marie. "Is it just me, or have those
two been... a little closer lately?"

"They live together, cous'," Marie shrugged. "They're probably used to
changing together."

"I'm just not sure that's all that is, but, alright." Callie eyed the
door. "I hope they don't take too long..."

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Pearl noticed from the studio right away as both Lily and Lorne appeared
from the sewer grate opposite them.

"Yo, there they are," she said loudly to Marina, focused on them. "Are
you sure I gotta give 'em back?"

"They *are* hers, after all..." Marina sighed. "I get it. They're
still... strange and new. But I'm pretty much convinced now. They're
alright."

"Man, you *really* came around on her huh, Marina?"

"I mean, when I talked to her this morning, she was polite, I didn't
really get the sense she was deliberately hiding something... I mean,
yeah, this Agent stuff is pretty crazy, but I get the impression that if
we hadn't... started down this path with her, things would still be
more-or-less normal, y'know?"

"I dunno... something about knowing she's not *really* one of us
just..." Pearl creased her brow. "I don't know what it is I'm feeling
about her, but..."

"Then I ask that you trust *me*." Marina rested a hand on Pearl's
shoulder, leaning toward her. "I understand, but when we talk to her,
*please* give her a try. For me?"

Pearl looked into her bandmate's eyes, and sighed. She knew Marina was a
good judge of character. She guessed that she just felt the way she did
because of Tartar and his origins... "Alright, 'Rina. For you, I'll give
her a shot."

"Thanks, Pearlie. Because---"

There was a gentle thump, then a second, on the glass panel that
separated them from the Square. Pearl turned to look, and saw that both
Lily and her friend were leaning against it.

Lily had a letter or *something* up to the glass, her right hand holding
it at about hip-height, trying to look casual. Neither girl was looking.
Instead they were in conversation with each other.

"...Because she's here," Marina finished. "Hey, that paper they've got.
Is that for us?"

"Let's take a look, I guess." Pearl got out of her chair and walked over
to the girls, kneeling down to read the message, and ignoring Marina's
snorts - the message was at about butt-height to the girls, and it was
hastily scribbled so Pearl had to lean close to make it out. "OK, yeah,
this is for us. I'm gonna take a pic so I can get back over there."

"I'm gonna take a pic too," Marina chuckled, and Pearl heard the click
of her phone camera.

"Aw, come on!" Pearl blushed angrily, pulling her phone out. "It's not
my fault they--- ugh, whatever..." With another 'click', a picture of
the message was captured and Pearl quickly stood up to rejoin Marina at
the table. Pulling up the image, she read aloud: "Pearl, Marina, and
'8'. Meet us outside Sheldon's, Friday, 11PM."

"Oh! Wow, guess this is happening, huh?" Marina leaned back and thought.
*Two days from now... I wonder why so late?* "Alright, before they
disappear, you better bring them to the side door. I'll be right over in
a sec."

"Uh--- Right, right." Pearl put her phone away and walked back over to
the two girls, who had put the letter away and were about to leave. She
tapped on the glass, and both girls turned to see her. Lily visibly
gulped nervously at the sight of her. *Well, I suppose she's right to be
nervous about me,* Pearl thought to herself, feeling a little guilty.
*Considering I nearly killed her...*

She pointed the two toward the side door, and made her way out of the
studio herself to meet them there, stopping briefly to grab both of
Lily's phones from the bag she left in the break room.

She was quickly at the door, and she took a few deep breaths as she laid
her hand on the door handle. *C'mon Pearl... you can do this. For
Marina...*

The turned the handle and pulled the door open, and as Lily and Lorne
saw her she'd put on her 'persona'. "Ayo, girls!" She said with her
usual enthusiasm, leaning her shoulder up against the door frame. "Got
your message loud and clear."

"Uhh, hey Pearl." Lily looked quite uncomfortable doing this. Anxious,
perhaps? "Listen I uhm... before anything else I just wanted to...
apologise---"

Wait, huh? "Wait, why are---" Pearl started, confused.

"Why are you apologising?" Lorne said, confused and annoyed. Gesturing
at Pearl, she said, "*She* should be the one to apologise!"

"Yeah, I uh..." Pearl took a deep breath. "Lily, I'm... really super
sorry about what I did to you the other day. We... we didn't know what
we know now. And now that... we *know* you weren't involved with... 'you
know who', well... yeah, it doesn't really, um, justify...yeah."

"It's, um..." Lily tried to find the right words, that weren't 'it's
okay'. "I guess I... I kinda deserved it... I never meant to intrude on
Inkopolis, and I don't have a way back..."

"Mmm..." Pearl was silent for a few moments, unsure of how to follow
that up.

Marina walked up behind her. "I guess we'll have plenty of time to
discuss things like that on Friday, huh...?"

"Well... actually, that's less to do with Lily and more to do with...
our bosses wanting to know what's been going on on your side. We have
the brief from Marina, but, y'know..."

"Right, right... That's fair." Marina put on a smile. "Your 'bosses'
being Callie and---"

"Yes, yes, alright!" Lily sighed exasperatedly. "Y'all know more than I
expected you to about that... side of things."

"Well, again, we do keep in contact with Craig and Three..."

"I guess they trust *you two* a bunch then..?" Lorne sighed. "You two
are... Man, this basically means we're two separate factions of the same
team, then. It'd be nice to get everyone together for once."

"Mmm." Marina nodded. "Well, this meeting will be as close as we can get
for a while."

"Yeah..." Pearl sighed, then, remembering, dug into her pockets, pulling
out Lily's phones. "Well, we promised ya, kid. Here ya go." She held
them out to her.

"I promise I haven't looked through them... since the sewers, anyway,"
Marina admitted guiltily. "I never touched your squid phone."

"...Well, I appreciate your honesty." Lily held the phones carefully,
relieved to finally have them in her hands again. "Well... it's nice to
have them back, at least. ...Oh, man, *finally*, I have all my music
back! Yes!"

"Music?" That caught Marina's attention. "What kinda music you got on
there?"

Lily held up her iPhone in response, with a grin. "It's on *this* thing,
if that answers your question."

Pearl and Marina just stared at her and the phone for a moment,
processing what she meant.

Then Marina gasped loudly. "Wait, wait - you have old music on that
thing?! That's so cool!" The Octoling idol let out a squee of
excitement. "Any way you could share some of it with us?"

"Well, I haven't really figured out how to get any of it off onto any
other device, into a format that you guys could use... I guess I'll keep
you up to date."

"Hmmm..." Marina thought for a moment, then reached out a hand. "Could I
have your phone for a second? Your squid phone."

Lily cautiously handed it over. "Why...? What are you thinking?"

"I'm gonna give you my details." She tapped away at the device. "I'd
love to help you get that stuff onto something more current. I'm not
sure I'm the right person for that, but, I know one or two people who
might be able to convert obscure formats like yours." She handed the
phone back to Lily, who saw that the display now showed a contact page
for 'Marina Ida'.

"Oh that's funny. The most popular digital music format in human
history... obscure." She shrugged, and pocketed both phones. "Anyway,
yeah, I guess I'll be in touch if you wanna help with that, and I'll...
figure out how to get anything off my phone at all. Thanks."

"No worries." Marina smiled.

"So... Friday night, then?" Pearl asked, slightly impatient, ready to
end this conversation.

"Yeah, I know it's a bit of an odd time," Lorne acknowledged. "I guess
their reasoning is, hardly anyone will be around, and you two definitely
won't be working by then."

"You got that right. Alright. We'll be there." Pearl nodded, and threw
up a thumbs-up.

"Thanks for stopping by, girls!" Marina said cheerfully. "We'll be in
touch!"

"Sure thing." Lily casually saluted as she started to make their way
toward the Deca Tower entrance. "See you then, I guess."

"Seeya," Lorne said with a nod as both girls turned their backs to the
idols.

Pearl and Marina watched them go, then closed the door and made their
way back into the studio.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

As the clock neared 11PM on Friday, Marina checked the time on her phone
yet again.

"Hmm, this is strange," she remarked. "I hope things are OK..."

Neither Lily, Lorne, or the Squid Sisters were anywhere to be found, and
the Square was empty as she, Pearl and Eight hung around outside the
studio. The stores had long since shut, as had the studio, and so the
light primarily came from the billboards and displays around them.

"They're actually coming, right?" Pearl asked with a hint of concern.
"They wouldn't just pull our leg like this?"

"After everything, I don't see why they would..."

"Whoa. Hey, Marina?" Eight nudged her, and gestured toward Sheldon's
store.

Atop the grate just outside Ammo Knights that led to the sewer canals,
was a woman, standing silently.

She was dressed in black, though her yukata was lightly patterned, and
she held a traditional Brella over her head to block the sunlight. It
was an oddly familiar sight...

"Huh... who's that? I get the feeling I've seen them before, in that
exact spot..." Marina focused, trying to get a read on if it was someone
they knew. Eight turned to hear their conversation, now noticing the
lady in black and green as well.

As the three watched her, she raised the Brella just slightly, enough to
where they could see her eyes. And as the Inkling's gaze drifted over to
them, Pearl realised just who it was. "Wait, isn't that... Marie?"

"I...think you're right. Let's go meet her." Marina started toward the
grate.

But, having drawn their attention, Marie turned squid and dropped
through the grate, and vanished.

"Hey--- wait!" Pearl called out, as she and Marina rushed over to the
grate, trying to peer inside.

"I thought we were meeting here..." Marina was confused. "Is she...
leading us somewhere?"

"Do we... trust her?" Eight asked, cautious. His Inklish had improved
more over the past few days.

"We have to," Pearl responded. "Up here, *she's* your boss, *and* the
boss of Lily and the other girl."

"Oh... yes." Eight's face sank. He wasn't sure what to think about the
human being on his side. In his eyes, he was firmly on the side of these
two girls, and the Captain... and Agent 3, no matter how weird he
seemed.

"Well, no use waiting around," Marina sighed, and turned octopus,
dropping down through the grate after Marie.

"Hey--- Wait for me!" Pearl shouted after her, and also shifted, leaving
Eight to chase after the two, following them where-ever Marie was
leading them...

------------------------------------------------------------------------

A minute or so later, following another strange, hidden grate inside the
sewers, the three leapt from the last grate.

Marina's shoes hit the ground first, and she looked around herself.
Pearl and Eight were just behind her. She gasped and froze as she
realised just where they were.

She had been led back to Octo Canyon.

"No..." Marina took a slow step back. "This has to be a mistake."

"What do you mean?" Pearl asked, looking around. "Yeah this place looks
crazy, but like... there's her Brella right there." She gestured at a
little cabin just ahead of them, on which the Brella was indeed leaning
against.

"Pearl, I mean..." Marina gulped, nervous. "Pearl, this place... this is
the Octo Canyon. This is where half of the Octolings live. This is where
*Octavio* lives. This is where *I* used to live."

"...Oh." Pearl bit her lip. "Well... they wouldn't have brought us to
this part of it if it wasn't safe, yeah?"

Marina sighed. "I guess..."

"I think I've... never been here," Eight said quietly, nervously holding
the Octo Shot by his side. "I grew in the Valley."

"Well, this area's all new to me," Pearl said, walking next to her band
partner, looking around in semi-awe. "But check out all this cool
floating stuff. Isn't your workshop around here somewhere?"

"Yeah... Shifty Station's around," Marina said. "Why do you ask?"

"I'm just... I can start to see where you get the tech to build that
kinda stuff."

Marina sighed. "The Canyon's not that obvious of an inspiration, is it?"

"Only now that I know," Pearl nodded. Then she nudged Marina's side.
"It's pretty rad, though. Like I tell you every time, that you build and
work with all the things you do is pretty amazing."

"Heh... thanks." Marina smiled.

Marie and Callie were waiting for them on the other side of the Hideout,
by the Octo Oven's kettle, dressed in Agent gear. Lily and Lorne were
next to them, in casual clothing.

"Welcome, everyone," Callie, Agent 1, said. "Thank you for your
co-operation. I don't believe we need to introduce ourselves..."

"Wait wait wait," Pearl butted in, recognising the uniform immediately.
"*You two* are part of the Squidbeaks? THAT'S what you had meant,
Marina?!" She shot a glance at the Octo, then turned back to the
Sisters. "I mean, I know Cuttlefish is your grandpa and all, but--"

"Is that a problem?" Marie, Agent 2, cut her off. "We're involved in a
bit more than just our music careers around here. Seems the same could
be said for the two of you."

Marina sighed. "Yeah... I guess you could say that. It all kinda
happened by mistake."

Callie prodded them. "Take a seat and take it from the top, girls. Tell
us everything you can. What *happened* out there?"

With Pearl's and Eight's help, Marina told the Agents all about Off the
Hook's trip to Mount Nantai, the encounter with the Captain and Eight,
Commander Tartar and the Thangs, the Kamabo Corporation, NILS, Agent 3,
and the battle at the statue. Callie, Marie, and Agents 4 and 5 listened
quietly as they told their story.

"After that all happened," Pearl continued, bringing the story around to
the present, "once we saw the weird newbie girl again," she gestured at
Lily, "we realised that with her sudden appearance, plus the phone,
stuff falling from the sky, the car... things just seemed to add up, but
we didn't know for sure until Sheldon confirmed it for us."

"So, well... You know what happened after that," Marina added with a
sigh. "We stopped Lily in the sewers to ask her some things, Pearl
nearly... yeah, then after Marie rescued her was when we started to
think about it more critically."

"...I see." Marie turned briefly to Agent 5. "And you definitely didn't
know anything about Tartar before?"

"Not until after it went down at the hotel, and only then it was his
name and NILS. I haven't been carrying any secret evil plans or
anything. Unless he really did have something to do with me getting
brought here, I'd have no way of knowing if it's true or not."

"Well that's settled then." Marie turned back to Off The Hook and their
Octo friend. "Agent 4 had told us you had moved Tartar somewhere outside
Inkopolis. Do you remember where he is?"

"Yeah," Pearl nodded. "We took him deep into Triggerfish Forest, waaay
out of the way. He can't hurt anyone there. Can't even move."

"Could you take us there?" Five asked, seemingly unplanned as Callie,
Marie, *and* Agent 4 looked at her with concern. "With everything that's
happened, I have some questions I'd like to ask him..."

"Uhh..." Marina raised an eyebrow, but seemed to understand. "I mean, we
*could*, but it'll take some planning. It'd have to be a day that we
could dedicate entirely to this trip..."

"The edge of Triggerfish Forest is about an hour out of the suburbs,"
Callie explained to Agent 5. "But it's massive. Even if we started from
Camp Triggerfish, depending how deep in we have to go, it could be
several hours to get there, *and* back."

"I understand. It's just..." Lily sighed. "From all accounts, he seems
to be the only connection to the past. I loathe him for the impression
he's made of humans on you guys, and the things he's done of course,
but... I feel like he's the only lead I have on getting some answers
about what happened... Why am I here, how did humans die out, is there a
way back, that sort of thing..."

"...Mmm." Agent 4 nodded. "Well, if you're set on doing that, Lily, I'll
make that journey with you."

"We'll... keep in touch about that," Marina nodded, but frowned. "If
that is what you feel you need to do, we'll... We'll figure out some way
to make that work. I would certainly be interested in those answers..."

"That's all I ask." Agent 5 fell silent again.

"Well, let's let things calm down a bit before we settle on anything,"
Marie said, mainly directed at Agent 5. "Lily, I'd like you to finish
your training first before you make any sort of trip to meet Commander
Tartar. I trust these two that he can't hurt you, but it can only help
to be ready when confronting a creature like that."

"...Alright." Lily quietly nodded. "I'll do my best."

"Don't worry," Callie said with a smile. "You have our full support."
She turned to the Octoling boy who had been so far sitting quietly by
Pearl and Marina. "There's something we should address. If I understand
this right, our leader Captain Cuttlefish named you Agent 8. Is that
right?"

The boy nodded quietly. He was slightly unprepared for the attention
being focused on him. "'Number 10,008' was being... much of a mouthful,"
he said quietly, with a gentle snort of almost-laughter.

"I... see. Well, from what we've heard, you've certainly earned your
place here." Callie smiled at him, trying to come off as reassuring. "Do
you have a name?"

This seemed to stun 'Eight'. He mumbled quietly and looked down at the
ground.

"It's okay, they'll understand," Marina told him, resting her hand
comfortingly on his shoulder. "May I tell them for you?"

The boy nodded silently, eyes closed.

"He's... lost some of his memory, from before the Metro," Marina
explained to them. "From what I've been able to gather from talking to
him and the Captain, the incident that caused him to end up in the Metro
caused him to lose many details from his memory. Somehow... Cuttlefish
told us that as he completed each station, he seemed to get memories
about certain places and things back. But so far he has not been able to
remember his real name. There still seems to be some gaps in the memory
of his past." She sighed, and leaned across to give Eight a hug.
"'Eight' has kinda stuck for us, so... that's what we've called him."

"Are you okay with us referring to you as 'Eight' in public then?" asked
Marie, her voice softer than it was when talking to Lily.

"I..." The boy looked up at her, and slowly nodded. "I am okay with
this."

"Very well." Marie nodded, and stood. "Before we move too far ahead, I
feel that I should introduce you to the rest of the New Squidbeak
Splatoon, Eight. My name is Marie - I'm Agent 2 on the team. I'm also
one half of the pop duo 'The Squid Sisters'."

Callie volunteered next. "Welcome to the Squidbeaks, Agent 8. I'm Agent
1, my name's Callie. And I'm the other half of the Squid Sisters." She
smiled. "From the sounds of things, you've already heard our rendition
of the Calamari Inkantation."

*The melody etched on the soul...* Eight nodded.

Callie's smile widened. "Me and Marie's job, outside of our personal
careers, is to protect Inkopolis from possible threats, and retaliate
against attacks to our city. This is the job of all our Agents, first
and foremost."

"We also occasionally run recruiting while the Captain's away. When the
situation calls for it," Agent 2 added with a slight chuckle.

"You've already met Agent 3 of course. He's our oldest agent, outside of
the two of us. In a way, I suppose that it's because of his
determination to retake the stolen Great Zapfish two years ago that
you're here with us today. I'm not sure that he knows that yet, though."

"Four, if you will?" Marie prompted, glancing at Lorne.

Lorne sighed. "Hi there, Agent 8. Yes, I'm Agent 4. Real name Lorne. I
used to be a profreshional player in the Splat Zone leagues. I got
enlisted about a month ago to beat back DJ Octavio for the Great Zapfish
again, and rescue someone that had been captured by him." She eyed
Callie, saying nothing, then turned her attention back to Eight. "I may
seem a little uncomfortable with the situation, Eight, but that is not
because of you - though I can't say I was thrilled with yours and
Pearl's treatment of Lily... But it wasn't that long ago that we thought
Octarians were the enemy. Sorry, Marina," she said as an aside to the
darker-skinned idol.

"Wh-what? I'm not an..." Marina's eyes went wide and she immediately got
all flustered, but went quiet as all eyes were on her, finally letting
out a sigh and looking away. "Fine... I guess this isn't the time to try
to pretend I'm not..."

"We've known since you first arrived," Marie said gently to her. "Me and
Callie did, anyway. I believe Lorne is referring specifically to the
Octarians under Octavio's control."

"And even then," Lorne added, "I think the three of us have pretty much
agreed that it's only the big guy on top that's the problem."

"...Mmm." Marina looked back at them. "Okay. I could agree with that."

"I'm glad. I hope I didn't offend," Lorne sighed. "Though we should
probably let Lily introduce herself now..."

Lily sighed, and glanced at Eight. He seemed like he didn't know what to
think of her being here, as his attention finally turned to her. "I
guess so... Hello Agent Eight. I'm sorry that our first meeting was
under such drastic circumstances. I'm Agent 5, Lily. I'm... I'm the
human. Ex-human. Whatever you want to call it." She paused for a moment
to work out what she wanted to say next, knowing Eight was already
judging, *had* already judged her. \"I'm... an agent because the things
that came through to this world with me are scattered throughout
Inkopolis and beyond, including here in the Canyon, and while I don't
know *what* everything is, I want to make sure that anything that I'm
responsible for that could be used as a weapon does not get into the
hands of someone *like* Octavio.

"In regards to Tartar, well, I think my only connection to him is that
while I...used to be human - and make no mistake, the only part of me
that's human anymore is my brain, my mind, my memories, whatever - he
was created by humans, and survived all of this time that they've been
extinct. He would, *should* know what happened in the time between when
I was pulled from 2018 and dropped here. Course... After what what you,
Marina and Pearl have told us about what happened out there... I kinda
wanna just give him what for, on behalf of the rest of humankind." She
sighed.

"You know, Lily," Lorne started. "I'm starting to notice you talk more
when you're nervous."

"...Probably, yeah." Lily nodded, looking down. Then, glancing back at
Eight, she extended a hand. "I just hope that, if me and Eight are going
to be on the same team, that we can improve relations." She thought for
a moment if she wanted to add anything else, but shook her head. "That's
it from me."

"Thank you, Agent 5." Callie smiled. "How are you feeling, Eight?"

Eight looked around, turning to look at their faces. They all seemed to
be welcoming him - even the human and Agent 2, Marie, the one who, only
a week ago had him at the end of a Brella. He looked down at Lily's
extended hand, and sighed. "I do not deserve this," he said slowly,
before finally extending his own hand and clasping it in Lily's for a
handshake. "Thank you to all. We have unfinished business," he added to
Lily, "but I am thinking it can be settled in the turf wars."

"Sounds good," Lily nodded. "Probably the better way to work out our...
brief history."

"Shouldn't Eight introduce himself properly?" Lorne asked One and Two.

"I'm not gonna make him do that this time around," Callie decided on the
fly, eyeing the Octoling boy. "I am curious to learn more about him, but
considering everything else that's been going on, I'm happy to just let
him do that when he's ready."

"Probably in smaller groups as well," Marie added, "instead of all
together like this. This meeting was more to get him to know us, and to
finally know what this Tartar situation was."

"Well," Marina sighed, "We're glad we could finally talk to you guys
about this. And... Lily," she turned to her. "I know we kinda said it
the other day, but, just to get it on the record... We... were wrong.
When we first found out you were human, we... well, you know. We thought
you were part of Tartar's team."

Pearl continued. "We thought Tartar had summoned you to finish his
job... I dunno, like maybe he had a backup weapon, and you were waiting
for the right time and..."

"It's dumb in retrospect, we know... but it wasn't too long after we
foiled him, that we met you at the Albacore Hotel. We were still coming
off of that... that thing that we were moments away from the complete
destruction of our world..."

"And we thought Octavio was the worst we had to worry about." Marie
sighed. "I appreciate that you've done that, girls. Thank you." She
pulled out her phone to check the time. "Goodness, we've been at this
for a while. Alright, well, I think we should call it there, and
reconvene at another time to let things cool off. I want to thank
everyone who came out tonight. I know it wasn't friendly to some
schedules, so I appreciate the effort you've all made. Marina, Pearl,
Agent 8. Are you three right to get home?"

"Yeah, we'll be fine," Pearl said nonchalantly, with a slight yawn. "We
can take Eight back to his place, it's cool."

"Alright, well. Dismissed." Marie stood up. "Again, thank you for coming
by. We'll be in touch."

Everybody got up, stretching, everyone starting to make their way up to
the grate back to Inkopolis. The Agents waved as Pearl, Marina and Eight
disappeared down the grate, making their way back to the Square.

As Lily and Lorne waited by the grate, allowing the first group enough
time to leave the Square so none of them stood out, Lorne took a deep
breath. "Callie, Marie, there's... something we ought to tell you, for
transparency's sake."

Marie raised an eyebrow, asking "What's up, Four?". Callie grinned, to
Lorne's confusion.

"Well...Me and Lily have started dating," she said quickly, trusting the
two girls would understand. "Only recently, but... yeah. Now don't
worry, we've both agreed to make sure that we won't let it impact our
work, but---"

"Aw, that's cute!" Callie squeed. "I'll be honest, I kinda figured it
out already. Congrats to both of you!" She pounced forward and embraced
both girls in a hug, Lorne reciprocating. Lily blushed deeply, but also
joined back in the hugging.

"Same," Marie nodded. "I'm glad that both of you have found comfort in
each other. I hope that doesn't mean you'll have less time for your
work," she added with a smirk, before also joining in briefly.

Smiles were wide when the girls pulled apart. "We'll be fiiiine," Lorne
finally responded, finding Lily's hand and squeezing it gently. "But
thank you for understanding, girls."

"Of course!" Callie grinned. "You two better get moving - we'll need to
change out of this gear before we head out ourselves."

"Yeah, wearing this Agent stuff was more for showing off, to be honest."
Marie chuckled. "Kinda to increase the impact we had on those three. I'd
say it worked."

"I think so too." Lorne smiled. "Alright, we'll get moving, then, Lily.
See you girls later."

Together, Lily and Lorne plunged into the sewer grate heading back to
the Square.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Lily and Lorne sat quietly as the train carried their tired bodies
toward West Inkopolis. It was somewhere past midnight and all they
wanted more than anything else was to get home, crawl into bed and
sleep.

At this time of night, the train was mostly empty. Most of the
nocturnal, social creatures that *were* on the train were in the front
carriages. The two inklings had chosen, again, to hang out in the back
carriage, where their only passenger was another inkling, sleeping, with
long hair and a thin blanket with an odd symbol draped over himself.

"Lily...?" Lorne asked her partner, who'd briefly zoned out. Lily shook
her head to wake herself up a bit as she looked over. "If...if Tartar
did have a way for you to go home... back to your time... would you take
it?"

The 'sleeping' inkling's eye opened slightly, watching them discreetly.

Lily sighed. \"It's... complicated. I... would love to see my friends
again. To see my family again. To let them know I'm OK. To tell them of
the wonderful world I've found here. And I... I'd kind of love to be
able to show you the world that I lived in.

"But...if it was a one way thing, if I couldn't come back, or if I had
to be an inkling forever, trapped in that old world... I just couldn't.
Not anymore." Lily laid her head on Lorne's shoulder, yawning softly. "I
do miss them. A lot. But I think I've been more successful under my own
power in this world than I ever was in my own. And I have you, of
course." She gently planted a kiss on her cheek. "And the others..."

"Okay..." Lorne rested her arm over the girl's shoulder. "I just... Is
it bad of me to think that when you were talking about asking if there
was 'a way back', that you still wanted to leave?"

"...No, I don't think you're wrong to think that..." She sat quietly,
her drowsy brain trying to come up with the right words to explain what
she was feeling, but couldn't think of any. Instead she simply said "I'm
committed. To this team. To you. I just... want to know if that option
was always there."

Lorne was silent.

"I couldn't leave anymore, Lorne," Lily repeat, sensing her partner
might have been concerned with the answer. "I don't *want* to leave. I
just... don't blame you for thinking that I might have." She checked her
phone for the time. "God, can this train just get us home already? I'm
too tired for this."

------------------------------------------------------------------------

As the girls finally arrived at the apartment, they dragged their feet
in silently, throwing off their shoes. Lily detoured into the
kitchenette to pour two cold drinks.

"Can you close the door, Lily?" Lorne said sleepily, already crawling
into the bed.

"Yeah, okay," replied Lily softly. She left the drinks on the counter
temporarily, and walked back over to the apartment door.

As she moved to close it, a leg appeared and blocked the door from
closing. Lily grumbled as its owner moved into view, an equally-tired
inkling with lime-green hair and something around their head. "Excuse
me," Lily said grumpily. "1AM is not the time for visitors. If you
really need to talk to us, there's..."

Lily had begun to notice something about this person. It was the
sleeping inkling from the train. His blanket was tied around his neck
and hung down his back like a cape.

"*Excuse me*," Lily said, a little angry now. Who *was* this stalker?
"What are you doing following us? If you try anything, we're the
*wrooong* people to fuck wi---"

"I'm not going to try anything," said the boy, "but I need to talk to
you. ...And I also need a place to stay for the night. I don't know this
part of town."

"No chance. Goodnight." Lily waved him off, but he didn't move.

"Agent 5."

Lily stopped, stunned for a few seconds. Pretending like she didn't
understand, she replied, "Excuse me, what?"

"Agent 5. Real name Lily." He reached his hand in and opened the door
further. "And your friend, Agent 4, real name Lorne. I *need* to talk to
you both."

Lorne stared at him from the bed, before grumpily throwing the blankets
aside and getting back up. She walked over to the doorway, and yanked
the boy inside, closing the door with a thump. Lily flicked the
kitchenette lights on. "OK, who the *fuck* are you," Lorne asked the
boy, "and why are you at our door in the middle of the night?"

The boy straightened up, freeing himself from Lorne's grip. He undid the
tie of the blanket around his neck again, and began to remove his bulky
jumper. "I'm sorry to pull this on you so late. We only just got back a
few hours ago, and only just found where you all were, but I had orders
to find you..."

The jumper came free.

Underneath, the boy was wearing a long-sleeved black shirt, a hi-vis
construction vest on top. As he pulled a familiar headset from the
jumper's singular pocket, both Lily and Lorne's mouths dropped.

The boy said, "My name's Remo. I'm Agent 3. Captain Cuttlefish has asked
me to come find you."